i have bought and returned three of these units now . each one has been defective , and finally i just gave up on returning the system . the dvd player constantly gives `` bad disc '' errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc . the sound quality is very nice for the price , but since the player does n't work , it 's essentially useless . this is a complete rip-off at any price point
i used a 25 pack of these doing dvd backups , and the last 5 or so failed . i thought it was my software , so i got new software . guess what ? my first disc out of the new package of 25 that i bought failed , too . it 's not my burner ( as another reviewer suggested , implying that people should learn to read ) , as it 's brand new and does n't require the firmware upgrade they mention . they just suck and have a high failure rate . so the consensus seems to be that tdk or sony are best . i 'm buying some now and save myself the frustration
i bought these discs at compusa because i needed a few before i got the ones i ordered online . well , i just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs , i got one that burned good . not much bang for the buck . i have burned many discs but never memorex , usually verbatim or ridata or mam . very disgruntled with these discs making coasters . maybe my burners do n't like them but whatever the case , i wo n't buy them ever again . i thought memorex made good products
the dvds i burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality . the only problem is that for every 3 good burns i get one bad one . i 'm using the plextor dvd burner ( love it ! ! ) , but i 'm going to try my luck with a different dvd brand . the failure rate for memorex is unacceptable . it 's less the cost that bothers me , but more the time wasted on burning coasters
please do n't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised ! to date , i 've been denied twice . the second time they said the u p c number was invalid . only , it 's the original u p c barcode ! i was meticulous filing the paperwork , yet they state , `` all required products were not submitted . '' meanwhile , i have phoned amaz0n to lodge a formal complaint.the product itself is average . i 've used better and worse . that said , it 's definitely not worth the full asking price
no free lunch & you get what you pay for ... is that the verdict on this product ? well , the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged me from buying it . i need disc binders and the case logic brand , while being the original , is pricey . low cost alternatives are needed , but not at the expense of quality and tco ( total cost of ownership ) . but the flap about poor customer service ( rebates ) and poor quality ( zippers and sleeve binding ) is enough to give me pause ... .. so , if someone from xtreme 's management is paying attention ... .fix it or be content to lose business . price is n't everything to everyone in the markt for your product..
this card is such a disappointment . it is soooo sloooooow . i use it for my digital camera , mp3 player , and ipaq . it takes forever to copy anything to and from it
bought this a month ago for use with my dx4330 kodak 3mp digital camera . it worked for 2 days.after that , everytime i on the camera , it wanted me to reformat the card , wth is that ? now i ca n't use it at all ... .i 'm always so confidence with my previous purchases from amazon.one mistake i made , i threw away the shipping and product packages once i tested out the card , thought it worked and it would be ok.i can no longer return it now.needless to say , i 'm too over confident with lexar 's products.buyers beware ...
as the other reviewer found out , these cards ca n't be formatted to work with sd audio . total waste of money
i purchased dvd express and it never worked . i spent endless time with tech support . the old story about , `` it must be your computer . '' did not fly either , my machine is a media type and it far exceeds the system requirements advertised by ads . i exchanged the item and it was supposedly checked out before i got it . same problems . tech support told me i was the only person having trouble with this product . they need to check out a few websites that review products there are hundreds of bad reviews very few good ones . my only mistake was not reading them before i wasted my time and money . ads also told me it would not work with ulead 's movie factory 3 , some of the software it came bundled with , but that was uleads problem . i should use cap wiz ( their program ) duh ! ! ! guess what , it did not work with their program either . ulead said they had several complaints with ads 's product . their final solution hold on to the product and maybe they will have a new version of cap wiz and that might work . save yourself time money and aggravation buy another product ! p.s . since ads does n't consider the product defective they will not refund your money or allow you trade it in for an upgrade . i do n't think they want a product like that either . the only reason i gave one star is ... ..it was packed well.ju
when i purchased these batteries , i was very pleased , but that wore off after a couple of months . i do n't use my camera all that often , but when i do , i expect ther batteries to have some charge . i recharge them per instructions , and they do not hold a charge any longer.i know monster makes good products , but i am a little disappointed in this one
you can get a 4 pack of emerging power 2100 mah batteries for 9.95 on this very site . i did . they work great . why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the batteries . ridiculous
i wish i never bought this because it was not sturdy enough for textbooks . if you put a textbook on it and turn the page , it collapses and or tears the page . i would n't even use this for a notebook .
we bought this clock radio , got it home , set it up , realized that it did n't have battery back up , called sony only to find out that they do not find it necessary to put that feature on their alarm clocks ... .how bizarre ! ! they do not carry battery back up on any of their new models according to their representative at the customer service center ! boxed it up and it 's going right back where it came from . if it 's okay not to have battery back up , it might deserve a chance , however , what 's the use in having an alarm clock if you ca n't trust that it will indeed wake you up
bought new around $ 80 . cd player and lcd clock stopped working within 6 months -- now nap function and radio are all that works -- if only i could find the damn receipt ! ! !
in the ten minutes since i 've had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off . more importantly , it ca n't handle large manuals as advertised . ( the reason i purchased this particular book holder ) my 1000 page manual only fits if you happen to only want to read the middle chapter . based on that i estimate that this is a totally worthless product to anyone needing to go through a manual or training book more than five or six hundred pages . if you do n't anticipate needing it for a book that big then just glue the rubber feet on , keep an eye on the page retainers ( these are the parts that fell off ) and you should be ok. as for me , i 'm off to read amazon 's return policy and see if i can get rid of this useless hunk of plastic
this is the worst thing i have ever owned ! ! ! ! it broke ( said there were no cd 's inside ) after about a week ! do yourself a favor do n't get this product , do n't buy this brand and do n't buy from sears they sucked about the whole thing too
before i bought this reader i considered 2 models 12-in-1 : lexar and sandisk . i decided to buy lexar.i bought this reader to use mostly with memory stick . i have 2 cards : 128 mb and 1 gb . i had no problem with 128 mb card . but i could not insert my gig card into this reader . it just did not go . i tried hard trying not to break the card - no success . it was a surprise for me . may be because my card was made not by lexar - by sandisk ... ? i contacted lexar but did not get any explanation of this problem.any way i had to send it back and buy 12-in-1 sandisk reader .
pros : perfect sound , solved resampling issuescons : famous popping/crackling noises makes it useless for gaming , especially in bf2 ( which use openal by creative ) . crystallizer is useless.this card has the most advanced sound processor which does not work on at least 20 % of high end systems , not only nvidia nforce 4 chipset , but also with other amd and intel cpu motherboards : see google for `` x-fi popping/crackling '' . even if you do not have in game crackling immediately , you have a good chance to get it after any memory or hd upgrade or driver configuration change . for long time creative denied existence of this problem . eventually it was recognized ( see official cl forums ) and a new driver ( since november 2005 ! ) was promised at the end of may 2006 , but beta version published 05/30/06 did not solve my problem . in the case of old audigy 2 zs the problem was solved with unofficial `` hacked '' drivers . i suspect that x-fi crackling is an architecture design flow , which can not be completely solved at software level , because pci bus can not provide sufficient memory access for the `` the fastest sound processor '' simultaneously with high end graphic card , hd controller , and other devices . bottom end : i have to stop playing games , or go back to low quality integrated sound . do not take risk , wait for working drivers , or buy a working card from different manufacturer . with fixed drivers i would give this card 4 or 5 stars.update 06/12/2006i found that many desktop motherboards ( mb ) have really slow south bridge ( south bridge is connecting pci , usb , firewire , and hd to cpu directly or through north bridge ) , especially mbs with nvidia chipsets ( and even with some intel mbs ) . new beta x-fi driver and mb bios updates solved the problem in many cases ( but not for my mb asrock k8nf4g-sata2 , nvidia 6100 / 410 mcp chipset ) , but situation is still marginal and x-fi might go unstable again . i contact cl customer service , they did not solved the problem , but pointed out that ati chipsets ( athlon 64 , ati 200 or 3200 ) have no problems with x-fi . i decided not to return sb to seller , but save it for a new computer with ati based mb . i guess that majority of workstation class mbs with upscale south bridge and pci-x ( even nvidia based ) also should be fine with x-fi . the trouble is that majority of x-fi buyers have generic nvidia based mbs like me . so i can give x-fi two stars instead of 1 ( but i can not change the rating ) , and even more stars if it will work well in my new computer of after new driver release ( if it will work )
about three years ago , maybe four , i bought two lexar cfii cards . one never worked , the other worked , but lost all data . i wrote to lexar , that i had two bad cards , they sent me one new card of the same size . i gave that to my girlfriend & told her to only use it on pix she did n't care about losing . i still have my card , in a ziplock . none of the file removal programs will get the images off , & i 've used all of them , & had their ( file removal ) tech help give up.in this day & age of `` just make the item '' i am upset . but you take your chances . do you want the only picture of your great grand-mother lost because you used a lexar ? i would n't , i use an actual sandisk card , myself.if they ever ( lexar ) made it right , i may have written a better review , but they have n't . so that tells me that they do n't care.how important are your pictures to you ? frederic
consider another receiver before buying delorme 's . delorme 's receiver works only with their software ( the receiver does not conform to any standard , unlike most other receivers . ) the delorme software itself is not very accurate . just in looking at the area of a few blocks surronding my home , i found 3 instances where a facility was shown as being located several blocks from where it actually is - but microsoft had no problem locating the facilities properly . finally , with the receiver i have , even after the device as been initialized , delorme 's software sometimes is unable to find it . ( i suspect that is because the cable on the gps side sometimes pulls slightly out , but fiddling with it does n't seem to accomplish much ) . real irritating out on the road , as it is when you find one of their printed atlas has been misbound and lacks several pages
the card worked fine for my son 's graduation and a family holiday but became corrupted during my brother 's wedding and i lost all the photos from that event . i still ca n't believe it happened . if you have an ipod , or other , remember to back-up your photos as soon as you can to try and avoid this
got it at walmart ca n't even remove a scuff . i give it -100 good thing i could return it
before the repair process there was one bad track on my cd . after the `` repair '' process the entire disk was unplayable . took it back for a refund . with billions of cds in the world , is this the best that the 21st century has to offer ?
this sd would not work in my nikon coolpix s6 camera ( but the fuji and sandisk product did
i bought this card for my tj25 , supposedly a supported device . but the problems with this card make it nearly useless : - it comes with a web browser that does n't work.- even if the browser did work , it would only work for 30 days before you had to buy the full version.- the only downloadable browser that works with the card is eudora , which does n't do anything except display text ( you ca n't even fill in web forms with it , so webmail , searches , etc . are impossible ) .- the card is designed to work with netfront and clie mail , software that comes with internet-enabled clie devices ... obviously not what you would have if you were buying the card . these programs are not available separately.- the card would n't connect to either my wireless network or the neighbors ' , even though my powerbook has no trouble connecting to either , no additional configuration required.- while attempting to connect , the card would often stop responding , and then lock up the handheld.bottom line : if you want a web-enabled pda , buy a web-enabled pda . do n't buy this
i 've given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this cd , the sound from my system did seem to be a little better ( the cd 's were not skipping as much ) . but the bottom line is it did n't fix the problem as the cds are still skipping noticeably , although not as bad as before . ... not sure if this has anything to do with the fact that my set has a 6-disk cd changer
i use this in conjunction with the sandisk ultra ii 2.0 gb compact flash card.i like it , but the flash card does n't slide in easily . sometimes it get stuck halfway , as if the unit has not been designed properly and the sliders for the card offer enough give to slide the card to the left or right of the pins.to add insult to injury , both the reader and flash card are manufactured by sandisk . therefore , they should work seamlessly together , but pathetically , they don't.i 'd much rather pay more for a reader that worked great , rather than save a few dollars for a reader that makes you work every time you use the thing.for comparison , my camera accepts the card perfectly . there is no give at all , but instead is an effortless process.not a quality reader.other than that , it works as expected . surprisingly , the reader does n't topple over as easily as i thought it would . it stands vertically and looks like it might fall over when trying to slide the card in . sliding the card in a 2 handed process , so one hand holds the unit while the other slides it in.removing the card is extremely easy . that 's a one-handed process . `` eject '' the card from the pc 's drive and then remove it.data transfer from the card to pc is very quick.overall , i 'm glad to have it , but it 's an annoyance to use it . i hate the card getting stuck halfway in the reader
some of the worst dvds that i have purchased . i would n't waste my money on any more of these pos discs . i wish i could return them to amazon , but for what i paid ( it was pretty cheap ) , its not worth the effort .
if they were n't free , i 'd give them 1 star . media code : mcc 01rg20 . 2 of 10 were coasters at 4x with my dvdrw ide1008
i purchased my tv in dec 2004 . i did not purchase the extended warranty . these sets are have all kinds of video problems . myself and other lcd owners have called for in home service . the service company is qualxserv in home service . they want $ 350.00 to come to your home if you do not have the extended warranty , and can not guarantee a fix . take it from me buy some other bran
the lcd is easier to use than the earlier version that relied on audio clips to switch frequency . you may have to experiment a good deal to find a position where the signal reaches the car radio adequately , like the 1960s rabbit ears tv antennas . even then , if you are in an are with good fm radio coverage it 's going to be hard to find a frequency where this will work . mostly you ca n't use this with a cover on and you 'll need a car charger if you want to use it for long . the all-in-one modulator and charger that clips to the docking connector is a better solution
the extendable arm breaks very easily . i had two of them and they both broke within the first month . the company does have a 3 month warranty but you have to pay for shipping to send it back to them and i have been waiting over a month for my replacement . very poor product . do not buy
do not buy this product . it is incredibly slow , by far the slowest usb drive out of the dozen or so that i 've used . it handles small numbers of large files rather well but it immediately chokes whenever faced with a large quantity of small files . i attempted to copy ~50mb ( 1500 files , 800 directories ) to the disk and it took almost 30 minutes to complete the copy ! that 's roughly 27k/second . deleting the files was painful as well , taking at least 15 minutes to delete everything . for kicks , i popped in an old 128 mb kingston drive and was able to copy the same set of files to it in under 30 seconds and the delete took under 15 seconds . bottom line is do n't be fooled by the drive 's small physical size , large capacity and price point : it simply does n't perform
i wanted to replace a lexar 1gb with this , but i 'll keep looking . i used it to transfer a 700mb , 2300 file my documents folder to a new pc . the transfer seemed pretty slow , but deleting those files from the sandisk took *61* minutes ! back it goes
product : mp3 players sansa m200 series sansa m240we received your item : 11/03/2006customer comments : 11/13/2006 07:51 am when will i get my repaired or replaced item . you have had this for 1 week without notifying me of the status . please respond ( by the way , apple turns around ipod repairs in 1 day ! ) .11/13 still waiting for an update on the m240 you received on 11/3
i bought this stereo because of its relatively small size and stylish appearance and because it had aux inputs for me to hook up my mp3 player to it . the first unit i received would not turn on at all . i contacted philips ' tech support , and their solution was for me to send the brand new defective stereo back to them at my expense . fortunately , amazon has a very nice return policy , and i sent it back to them instead . amazon was also very nice in sending a replacement right away without waiting until they received the defective unit.the replacement stereo arrived in short order , and i was immediately disappointed in the sound quality , which did n't seem as good as the 15 year old cassette player boombox that i was replacing . after listening to the stereo for a few days and comparing it to a sony cmt-ne3 bookshelf stereo that i own , here are my thoughts.1 . the fm reception is not as good as the cmt-ne3 . both units have a thin wire type of antenna , and both wires are about the same length . the philips stereo , however , would hiss and crackle as i moved around the room - my body interfered with the reception . this did not happen with the sony stereo.2 . the sound quality is not as good as the cmt-ne3 . playing the same song side-by-side on the two stereos , i found that the philips stereo had a flat , tinny sound when compared to the cmt-ne3 . the sony system had a much fuller and richer sound quality . also , there seemed to be significant distortion in the high-frequencies on the philips stereo , making `` s '' sounds sound more like `` h '' sounds . i also noticed an occasional crackle of distortion in the overall sound , possibly due to a bad connector on the aux input.3 . the ergonomics of the philips stereo are not so good . for one thing , the stereo will easily tip over forwards if accidentally bumped . if that happens , the cd can get wedged in the cd tray and it becomes almost impossible to remove . the electronically actuated cd door is much more likely to break than a passive mechanical door like the top-loading cmt-ne3 . the volume goes up to 31 or so , but 5 is about as loud as you would need it for regular listening . this means that there are only 4 quieter volume levels , which is rather limiting . finally , the stereo is a bit bigger than i was expecting ( though i could have looked more closely at the specs when buying it ) .i am in the process of returning this stereo , and i will try to find a sony system instead . unfortunately , amazon no longer sells the cmt-ne3 , which i bought just about a year ago . i do n't understand why electronics manufacturers feel the need to churn their product lines so rapidly . is there really that much innovation in bookshelf stereos ? the only difference between the sony i bought last year and one i bought in 1989 is the ability to play mp3 cds .
i have to rate this product and this company as horrible ! ! i purchased the x2 in 12/2004 . everything was fine . in 6/2005 , the lamp blew . less than 300 hours on it ! ! ! i called the company . they said sometimes it happens . i questioned the projector . they said i just needed a new lamp . $ 300.00 later ... ..oh , you can only get the lamps from them . you can only get service on the x2 from them.i get the new lamp . it just blew again-about 700 hours-half of what the life should be . additionally , the fan died-which may be why the lamp blew . maybe there was a problem with the fan a year ago ( when it was still under warranty but they would n't look at it ! ! ! ) no . they say no.the projector was ceiling mounted and never moved since it was first put in place . the projector was blown clean on a regular basis . this projector was not mistreated or misused.infocus says `` sometimes this happens '' .they , for $ 250 , plus $ 30.00 shipping , will fix the fan . i also need to buy a new lamp-another $ 300 . the company keeps saying- '' it is out of warranty '' , `` sometimes this happens '' , `` 1400 hours is just what some lamps get '' , etc. , etc , . etc.. they will not accept that perhaps this was a defective product.i will get a new projector-i can buy a new one for what they want to charge to maybe fix my current one . my new projector will not/will never be an infocus product.they have failed to stand behind their product . their service is overpriced and their technical support and customer service is nothing more than drones citing manuals and warranties.do n't buy infocus ! ! !
good product , forget about service . i e-mailed infocus about my faulty projector 8th january 2005it is now 7th january 2006 and i still do not have my projector . that 's right , it 's been one year sincemy projector stopped working , i have given up on it being repaired ( it was under warranty ) and am nowstruggling to get it back so that i can repair it out of my own pocket . check this company 's record at the better business bureau , it is deemed to be unsatisfactory due to unanswered complaints
i was hoping for a great deal on these batteries , but like other reviewers i 've found that they run out of juice incredibly fast . i 'm amazed that other reviewers have had such good luck because things like my wireless keyboard which uses two aa 's ran out of juice in a couple days of normal use while my automatic sprinkler time that uses two aa 's lasted only a week.be warned that these are n't quite the bargain they may initially seem
the worst customer service i have ever experienced . the lady who alledged to be the customer service supervisor said : '' you got it cheaper than other brands , what else do you expect ? '' `` viking cheats . so what ?
this was a great mouse for about the first year i owned . after one year is when all of the problems started . the mouse now loses connection sproadically and sometimes it does n't want to connect at all . i have changed the battery quite a few times and that does n't seem to help . it is very tempremental , and i have now given up and am shopping for a replacement.so , a word to the wise - in my experience the mouse will work great for a while , just be prepared to replace it in a year or so
beware of this product . it always freezes up half way though the download when transfering photos to my computer . i have another usb 1.0 card reader that works perfectly . i upgrade to get the speed boost with usb 2.0 , but this product is fundamentally flawed and buggy
this remote is so hard to use and setup . the xpress functions do n't work properly and when used switches to different inputs each time . most of the interaction with the remote is done on the touch screen so you have to look for the buttons , instead of being able to memorize their locations with your fingers . get something else
i had no problems burning to these discs , its when i went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore . after further research i found out that memorex uses the cheapest dye available and thus the dvds have absolutelly no life to them , my discs started dying after a few months.in addition , in you physically hold the disc in your hands you can feel how warped physically it has become . this is true for all the discs ( about 150 of them ) . i can not not recommend this product stronly enough ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i did the research on this product and it was one of the best . i do n't know that to be true due to the fact that the software that they sent me was a demo version that was outdated for use . i have to buy another software package to opperate the product that had stated in the description that the software was included . one if not the only reason i had purchased it . i e-mailed tiger.com and received no reply . if your going to sell something false advertisement is not the way
you will be surprised how crummy this sounds compared to the panasonics that cost about the same . this is my main problem - the sound quality sucks compared to the competition out there.1 - the speakers are lightweight and shoddily built . they sound muddy and the deep bass from them is nothing to write home about . they are fairly light weight - meaning very small magnets in them . these are 3 way speakers - for really good sound on the cheap - speakers need to be 2 way ! 2 - the sound input consists of a headphone type jack in front . not even standard phono inputs at the back.3 - its advertised as 320 watts - which is meaningless - since the speakers suck . what good is a high power amp with crappy speakers . and in case you know some audio - 320 watts is only twice as loud as 32 watts ( log relationship ) . for some reason , this is not even half as loud as my 100 w receiver ! 4 - no user adjustable equalizer , only presets possible5 - can not connect a different pair of speakers to upgrade because of the `` biamping '' type of connections.6 - the receiver sucks - even my sandisk flash player seems to have a better receiver.i concur with the other reviewer - death to sony ! shame on them for taking consumers for a ride . this company nowadays makes it stuff for ultra cheap and prices it `` competively '' with the others - meaning - fat profit margins .
... i 'm so dissappointed in caselogic for discontinuing the hard cases . they were great , a hard cover with rubberized coating and actual cd case style holders inside ( that you pop out with your finger by pressing the center ) . somebody could have sat on it and it would 've been fine..
i mean seriously guys , is it really worth forking over to those greedy peeps at sony over 40 dollars just for a silly memory card . there is an easier way to do it ya know . for your psp , if the game is really important to you and you ca n't save it . just press up on the power switch real quick the screen will go off..it will go on hold and next time you wan na play it again.. just push it back up..and hopefully if you did it right you 'll have the game right back in the place you left it..hey it saved me 50 dollars..and it can do the same thing for yo
the minor problem is that the user manual claims the user id is `` admin '' . well , it is not . frustration and wasted time will occur until you somehow find out that the user id should be left blank to log in.the major problem is that the unit only works for twelve to 36 hours before it has be rebooted . after twelve to 36 hours it looses the connection to the wireless network . once you unplug and plug back the power cord , it will work fine for another twelve to 36 hours . i am used to rebooting windows every time it hangs , but i do n't accept having a wireless access point that hangs ( i am not sure how microsoft was able to convince me it is ok for an os to hang ) . this box is going back . i already bought a buffalo that works fine
this thing is junk ! ! ! do n't waste your money . i am a computer professional and i had it working for about 5 minutes , then after powering it down and back up it never did work again ! if you buy one , go through the setup and if it does n't work immediately send it right back to amazon ! do n't waste your precious time trying to get a $ 70 brick to do wireless because the odds are that you will just be wasting your time.finally , amazon likes to keep the good reviews toward the top of the list to keep the potential customer from being discouraged . however , you should pay more attention to the bad reviews than the good ones . if the product is in fact good it wo n't have many bad reviews , or even possibly none at all if it is exceptional . however , look up all the bad reviews for this product . they should tell you that something is seriously wrong with this product
i have had this printer for more than a year . at first , it was a great printer . not anymore ! ! it uses up ink like no other , yes , it is great to have the individual tanks ( which is why i bought the thing ) but now the print head is n't working right . do several deep cleanings and use up nearly all the full tanks up , and the problem is still there . the pages have splotchy black marks and the texts are only partially printed . went to the canon website , they do n't even acknowledge this printer ever existed.my recommendation is do n't buy this model ! !
this printer prints fast but the quality is poor . consumer reports rates it a best buy but i disagree . pictures come out very graney and its almost worthless to have a 2 megapixel or higher camera because the quality will not be seen with this printer . i do not recommend this printer to anyone . i bought the cannon to replace a hewlett packard deskjet 932c and it was slow but the picture quality was superior to the cannon . this purchase was a real dissapointment
notice , all the happy ... .five star ratings , are from people that just bought this mp3 . i have had mine for 9 months . i have had this mp3 since christmas 2005 . i bought the white 512 for my son at the same time . whith in 3 weeks , my son 's was no longer working at all , he had it in his back pack , and some how it got crunched enough to never work again ! ! i was not happy . also in a few months , mine started to have issues . the very `` tiny '' menu button is rediculous . and the main toggle was a complete failure for sony . i accually removed the cover to the toggle , and just moved the joy stick under it , to change songs , or volume . how stupid . i am so mad about this mp3 player . i am going to buy a creative v. i have done a lot of research this time , and i will not buy another sony . the hold button , that is part of this sliding door never works , i find the player dead in my gym bag , all the time ! ! ! apparently , the door slides over a bit , and the player will turn on , for hours , and than you have a dead player . maybe sony should have given us a on/off button , than this would not happen ! dont do it folks , look into other options , even my mom 's ipod nano is better designed than this joke of an mp3 player .
first off let me state for the record that i only buy sony , but i have toadvise you against the purchase of the bean walkman . i purchased one in march 2006 and returned it september 2006 , as i had purchased replacementinsurance and was able to return it because it broke . it is hard to turn off and the usb port cover always pops open , not to mention the headphonesalways pull out . the fm receiver is hard tune in the daylight as the screen is invisiable . save your self the hassel ! ! ! ! !
i just cam from las vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that does n't allow for more photos after only using 40mb . i have tried to format the disk using the camera and through windows xp . it does n't allow it to be formatted . bad investment ! ! ! would not recommend the product unless there is a way i can get a refund or an exchange
very unreliable ... ... ... . i have used dvd rw and cd rw memorex disks on multiple computers and dvd recorders . i find that they ... ..1 ) do n't last ... .get about 50 re-recordings not 1500 2 ) may crap out on any occasion ... ... .multiple cd rw 's with critical material would not read on multiple computers.avoid memorex dvd rw & cd rw disks !
was a little hard putting it together . you have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart . i am not happy with this product
i have had a canon g2 since 2002 . i used to use viking 128 mb cf cards and had no problem . in october 2004 , i bought one viking cf512m 512mb cf card from amazon . i did not use it until this summer . after i had taken 20 more photos and reviewed , i immediately found a few images corrupted . no matter how i tried , e.g . format the cf before use , there were alway corrupted images.i wonder if i can return the defect cf card and get a replacement from amazon or from manufacturer ? sherwoodl.a . count
heres a new one ... .i have recently bought two spindles of these discs , and my computer ( imac w/ intel chip-hardly outdated ) simply doesnt recognize them-like i never put in a disc at all . the kicker is that this spring , i also ordered two spindles of these discs ( exactly the same as far as i can tell ) , from which i burned one hundred discs ( not a single faulty one ! ) for a freind overseas . i have no idea what the deal is , but have a feeling that the issue is not the quality of the discs . anyone got ideas ?
the card works as advertised but sandisk does not send in mail-in-rebate . even though i mailed it in with the upc barcode , sandisk sent me a post card stating that i needed to resubmit it with the barcode . how can i resubmit when they already have the barcode ? in my experience with sandisk , i got rebate back on one of two cards that i submitted - so you get mail-in rebate 50 % of the time with sandisk . i think mail-in-rebate is a big hoax perpetrated by these companies . do n't trust it !
i bought this mouse eight months ago and was quite satisfied - until last week when it stopped functioning altogether . i really expected a better product and durability from microsoft . i 've since bought a logitech vx revolution cordless laser mouse for notebooks and love it .
this was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that i have ever made . it felt very light and flimsy , the definition of cheap plastic . not just the construction but the performance was terrible . it would work perfectly for about a half hour and then go on a break and do nothing for about 10 minutes . this was very very frustrating . maybe i was just unlucky and received a defective one , but i would n't take that chance again.i wish i could give this device a worse rating , somewhere around -4 would be much more appropriate .
i do not like this item because it says it is a 16x dvd but when i put it in my burner it only reads it as 4x . something is wrong with the dvds because my burner is one of the newest out there and it is a 16x burner . so if you are looking for 16x , do not buy this one
it 's been over 19 days since my sandisk 512mb transflash card was `` shipped '' from emartbuy and i still have not received my order . when i contacted emartcrap , all they could tell me was that it had been shipped . i am sure that flash card works great . i just hope that i will receive it before it becomes obsolete . avoid emartbuy at all cost . do n't settle for incompetency . your are better off paying a higher price for better service ... correction any service
cosmetically pleasing is about the only good thing you can say about this unit . the included software does contain viruses . the included software is a reminate of the late 80 's to early 90 's . the tablet itself does not work under win2000 nor winxp . under 98 second edition it stops responding quite frequetly and you have to unplug and plug the unit back in to get it to respond again . this unit would be great , if it came out 7 years ago . you get what you pay for
i had no problems burning to these discs , its when i went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore . after further research i found out that memorex uses the cheapest dye available and thus the dvds have absolutelly no life to them , my discs started dying after a few months.in addition , in you physically hold the disc in your hands you can feel how warped physically it has become . this is true for all the discs ( about 150 of them ) . i can not not recommend this product stronly enough ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the machine does fine for quick cleaning of your cd's/dvd 's . i ca n't give a complete review of the product because i only tried to repair 1 dvd ... and it did not repair it
how do i assign a rating ? as several other people have experienced , my unit is also doa . i received it , plugged it in , pressed 'clean ' , and the motor started up . i popped open the cover , put in the disc i wanted cleaned , and pressed 'clean ' again . nothing . terrible quality control.what 's worse is the unit case is glued together -- no way to open it up to try to fix the electronics inside without mutilating it and voiding warranty
i ordered this on the recommendation of another amazon customer . i wasnt impressed . i though this would save me money because until then i had been just buying new copies of my favorite cds that were scrathced up . i cleaned a few discs and ran them through all three `` processes '' without successful results . it didnt seem to make much difference with any of my discs . i dont think this is a good `` repairer '' of any disc thats more than mildly scratched . my suggestion would be to just replace your damaged discs by buying another copy of your cd or dvd on amazon ! ! many of my cds i have replaced for $ 7-10 bucks on here . i wish i wouldve kept my $ 25
i purchased this flash card in june for my gps memory . loaded fine , but only lasted 3 months . card lost all it 's memory and was unable to take a new load . very disappointed in the life of the card .
as with some of the other reviewers , mine stopped working and blew the fuse in my car for the cigarette lighter . i bought a vector brand inverter at wal-mart and it is much better
this item worked for a while , but required fiddling ( unplugging and replugging repeatedly ) with the lighter socket each time i restarted my car . eventually , however , it blew out the fuses in both my lighter sockets . do n't waste your money on this piece of crap
the product not only did not work but blew out fuses in my car . the mechanic who checked my car out said the device had a dead short in it . i have written to your customer service department and asked for money back but to no avail . i will not purchase another thing from amazon until my money is refunded
about a year ago i got one of these to allow me to play dvds for my kids on my laptop while travelling . it has an alarm that sounds when your battery is getting too low -- well it sounded immediately . i figured that my car battery was not fully charged or on its last legs . i had n't tried to use it since . now that i 'm taking another trip , i thought i 'd try it out in other cars . no luck . the thing is dead -- does n't do a thing when i plug it in
each time you replace the battery you have to reload all of your data . do n't waste your money on this one
when this adapter first arrived , i thought it was great . the sound quality was excellent , and free of all the distortion and interference i get from using an fm transmitter-style adapter ( there are few open frequencies in the sf bay area ) . the first day , i used it for about 20 minutes total ( did n't have far to drive ) , and it worked great . the second day i had a bit farther to drive . after about 30 minutes , it quit . has n't worked again since.i did n't expect it to last forever , but less than an hour ? yes , it has a 1 year warranty : just send the unit back with a money order ( $ 6 ) to cover the return postage . of course , then you 're spending more in postage than you originally spent for the unit..
i was so excited about how great this product worked when i got it . i had purchased the fm transmitter for my wife and they do not work so great so i thought since my car had a tape deck i would give this a try . i was excited that i had all my ipod music with me , but after less than a week it the sound started going down hill to a point where i could n't listen anymore with it . it is now in a landfill somewhere . my guess is i will need a radio in the car that is ipod compatiable cable . for now just have the radio and cds i burn
no kidding ! ! the shipping charge on these batteries was over $ 6.00 . amazon does n't itemize the shipping charges on your order , so if you order multiple items , you wo n't know that you 're being raped by crutchfield until it is too late !
consider another receiver before buying delorme 's . delorme 's receiver works only with their software ( the receiver does not conform to any standard , unlike most other receivers . ) the delorme software itself is not very accurate . just in looking at the area of a few blocks surronding my home , i found 3 instances where a facility was shown as being located several blocks from where it actually is - but microsoft had no problem locating the facilities properly . finally , with the receiver i have , even after the device as been initialized , delorme 's software sometimes is unable to find it . ( i suspect that is because the cable on the gps side sometimes pulls slightly out , but fiddling with it does n't seem to accomplish much ) . real irritating out on the road , as it is when you find one of their printed atlas has been misbound and lacks several pages
these xtreme cd cases stinks , literally ! i do n't know what kind of plastic material they are using and if they are toxic , but the smell is absolutely nauseous . i kept it for two weeks hoping the smell would go away . nope . finally i threw it away . other than the smell , quality-wise it is ok .
in theory an excellent product -- room for lots of disks , relatively compact and attractive however i purchased three of these ( 2 for me 1 for a friend ) i ca n't say how his is doing but both of mine have faulty zippers , making it impossible to close the binders and therefore losing much of their attractiveness and compactness . ( ... ) . all in all , a disappointment
i 've only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row . i 've spent hours with this product on several machines and i can now say the hardware sucks .
this is n't a consistent product . 99 % of the time , i ca n't get it to work . after months of emails and phone calls , customer service responded . what a joke ! they told me the plug in the unit and then unplug , wait 30 seconds , and then plug in . gim me a break ! i should n't have to do the hokie pokie just to get it to work . by the way , their process did n't work . poor product , poor customer service , poor price
i was impressed with this controller at first , and found it to feel comfortable , and work well . it was played with once and a while for about a month ( total 10 hours max ) . some time after that , the next time i went to use it , it would only go left in a game that used the left joystick . i could not get it to center ( or even stay still ) , it would just keep either steering the car ( like burnout3 ) or whatever the left joystick would do for the game no matter what . i tried it several times , and it has never worked since . i fire it up once and a while to see if it 's still doing it , and it does . i am very dissapointed in this , and i was pretty careful about getting this newer version of the logitech controller . i think i paid about $ 45 locally for it , and i just bought a pelican extreme edge from radio shack on clearance for $ 19.99 that works and feels as good , but is less than half the cost . i do n't really feel like going thru a warranty claim , if it 's even covered , but it still annoys me every time i look at it in my xbox 'drawer ' of extra stuff.i was going to go totally wireless ( 4 units ) and luckily did n't run out and buy 3 more of these logitech controllers . i instead bought some extra microsoft s controllers , as they are still one of the best feeling controllers out there . if the pelican holds up , ( model pl-2050 version 2.0 ) i might go get some more if i can find them locally .
i am a gamer and i know a good controller when i feel it . this is a horrible controller . i mean it works well for maybe like a week or two , in that time you love it ... but after a month its breaks down and turns into a heap of crap thats a dread to play with . the triggers just become extremely sensitive past the point of enjoyment . i swear the triggers are sensitive to gravity . i 'm just playing halo 2 and out of nowhere my finger is n't on the grenade trigger and i just threw a grenade . it can spoil a good game of halo in an instant . occasionally it disconnects from its receiver which makes it useless until you push the connect button on the receiver . which takes about 10 dear seconds . after the contoller started breaking down , i had just bought a normal green microsoft xbox controller and it was a breath of fresh air . this controller is [ ... ] and do n't bother picking it up .
i bought this item not to cool my laptop , but to provide some insulation from the heat when it 's on my lap sitting in a chair . i 'm very satisfied with it 's being able to accomplish that . however , the cord ended up breaking after a few months . targus replaced it at no charge which is good , but still a hassle . now one of the two fans has started making a racket when i first turn it on . after a bit it settles down but very noisy at first .
the is perhaps the lease durable item i have purchased in 40 years . it lights up just fine , and it is a reassuring led gold , but it refuses to do anything with my xd card . it worked just fine for 3-4 days , then erased about 100 photos , all of them irreplaceable . cheap yes , but cheap junk .
the dvds are a rip-off , although i 'm counting on the rebate to at least break even ( not counting my time ) .the dvd player completely fails to recognize them . even after extensive troubleshooting with disk management and ensuring my regionalization was not an issue ... . just a poor product -- velocity ought to be ashamed . more taiwanese junk . ( i 'd recommend verbatim 's dvd+r dl product - made in singapore ) as a note i can get other dvd-rs to work just fine ... i have n't submitted the rebate yet , so no comment on the veracity of other negative rebate comments
i tried 4 dvds with different dvd writers and still does n't work . this stuff is junk . in addition , the manufacturernever sent the rebate . do n't buy anything from velocity
before i bought this reader i considered 2 models 12-in-1 : lexar and sandisk . i decided to buy lexar.i bought this reader to use mostly with memory stick . i have 2 cards : 128 mb and 1 gb . i had no problem with 128 mb card . but i could not insert my gig card into this reader . it just did not go . i tried hard trying not to break the card - no success . it was a surprise for me . may be because my card was made not by lexar - by sandisk ... ? i contacted lexar but did not get any explanation of this problem.any way i had to send it back and buy 12-in-1 sandisk reader .
what a crock as it looks like everyone else got good product and good service ! i got a shuffle and something happened the second time i tried to load music to make it not even play . i took it to the apple store in mall of america ( minneapolis , mn ) and they claimed to know there was an issue and claimed to have fixxed it . i go back home ( ok ) and it still does not work . apple said for $ 113 they 'll fix . gee thanks ! i 'll be looking at another brand ! apple stinks
maybe if these were high end rechargable nimh this would be a reasonable price . but for alkaline ? this is even more ridiculus than the cables they sell . you can find aaa battieries on amazon for a third of this price
but i wo n't because i paid good money for it . as you can see from the other reviews , the speed on this thing is pathetic , almost to the point of non-functional when it comes to many small files . i had a small game on the drive , but it has tons of small files in the folder . it took over 10 minutes to delete a 10 mb folder ... makes you wonder if sandisk spent 10 minutes to test this thing . stay away.. or if you really want one , buy mine please
i 'm the consumer of sandisk usb flash drives . i have used couple of sandisk flash drives ( i.e . 512mb mini , 256mb mini ) before i bought this product . performance wise this particular product is not doing good . it 's taking long time to copy files from my computers . even it 's taking long time to delete files from this disk . so i returned to amazon and looking for mini products from sandisk.i doubt all the micro products which is having capacity more than 512mb . now i 'm planning to buy 512mb or 1gb sandisk mini usb flash drive . better buy some good one than wasting your time on this product
overall the recorder worked ok. a moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded dvds could not be finalized for unexplained reasons.however , that is irrelevant now . a few weeks ago , the unit stop working . i does not turn on at all . what a waist ! it is out of warranty now
product : mp3 players sansa m200 series sansa m240we received your item : 11/03/2006customer comments : 11/13/2006 07:51 am when will i get my repaired or replaced item . you have had this for 1 week without notifying me of the status . please respond ( by the way , apple turns around ipod repairs in 1 day ! ) .11/13 still waiting for an update on the m240 you received on 11/3
no where near as easy to use as my old system , but with trial and error can have a decent amount of control over your projects.but one interesting thing someone mentioned earlieris that regardless of with system you use these labels can alterthe way dvds play making them stick and freeze and wondering if its the disks , burner or what..after some experimenting i didconfirm that it was actually the labels i was having so much fun making ... it might be the weight but i think its possibly the way the beam shines through the disc and reflects off the white label backing..dunno but if you all of a sudden start having problems try a labeling tape or a sharpie
i connected all the cables as instructed , but it does n't work , the light is not on.so i return it to amazon
these cards only work with camera that supports the write acceleration ! ! otherwise the speed is no different from a 12x card . there is nothing wrong with the card in terms of capacity or quality.i have given a single star rating coz it should clearly state that the 80x speed is only possible with cameras supporting write acceleration ! ! very few camera support this technology and one can easily get the same capacity ( 12x ) at 1/4 the mentioned price . so why pay more if your camera does not support this technology !
let 's be honest.this product ai n't cheap . it 's not something you can just throw away if it decides to stop working . i bought mine at cpenusa.com . delivery was great , only took them a couple of days . however , my c-pen cable was damaged . the connector to the c-pen was , for some reason , cut in half . without it , you ca n't recharge or connect the c-pen to the pc.i called their main office all the way in sweden during the office hours . no response . i sent three e-mails to cpenusa . no response.i do n't care if the product itself is great ( i 'll never know now , will i.. ) . if you 're unable to receive support when you need 'em , you 're screwed . if you 're just interested in electronic equipments , just want to try things out and do n't really care if you 're on your own , go ahead and try it . let me know how this thing really is . otherwise , buy a product that you can trust on with respect to after-sales support
i have to rate this product and this company as horrible ! ! i purchased the x2 in 12/2004 . everything was fine . in 6/2005 , the lamp blew . less than 300 hours on it ! ! ! i called the company . they said sometimes it happens . i questioned the projector . they said i just needed a new lamp . $ 300.00 later ... ..oh , you can only get the lamps from them . you can only get service on the x2 from them.i get the new lamp . it just blew again-about 700 hours-half of what the life should be . additionally , the fan died-which may be why the lamp blew . maybe there was a problem with the fan a year ago ( when it was still under warranty but they would n't look at it ! ! ! ) no . they say no.the projector was ceiling mounted and never moved since it was first put in place . the projector was blown clean on a regular basis . this projector was not mistreated or misused.infocus says `` sometimes this happens '' .they , for $ 250 , plus $ 30.00 shipping , will fix the fan . i also need to buy a new lamp-another $ 300 . the company keeps saying- '' it is out of warranty '' , `` sometimes this happens '' , `` 1400 hours is just what some lamps get '' , etc. , etc , . etc.. they will not accept that perhaps this was a defective product.i will get a new projector-i can buy a new one for what they want to charge to maybe fix my current one . my new projector will not/will never be an infocus product.they have failed to stand behind their product . their service is overpriced and their technical support and customer service is nothing more than drones citing manuals and warranties.do n't buy infocus ! ! !
the worst customer service i have ever experienced . the lady who alledged to be the customer service supervisor said : '' you got it cheaper than other brands , what else do you expect ? '' `` viking cheats . so what ?
this item was promised to me as a free bonus for my purchase of casio exilim camera , but was never delivered . now amazon wants me to review it , so here your are..
this is a good product - sounds great , gets good battery life , everything you 'd hope for in an ipod dock . but it has one major flaw . the ipod docking port is really flimsy , and has no structural support aside from the actual electronics themselves . after a little bit of use , the connection between the ipod and the dock deteriorated to the point that the volume fluctuated up and down , and sometimes the sound cuts out all together.if they added some kind of simple support so that bumping the ipod would n't stress the electronics , i 'd give this thing 5 stars . but without that , it simply breaks quickly , and no longer performs its only job - to sound good .
luckily , i did n't pay a penny for the motorized skipdr . as it was given to us as a `` prize . '' i have the original ( manual ) skipdr . which worked every time , and i always end up using it instead . it has more than paid for itself in repaired cd 's -- $ 20 for an entire kit at a wholesale club that came with spare sanding discs and the whole shebang.the motorized version did n't come with any deep scratch sanding pads , which i need about 25 % of the time for a badly scratched disc . most of the time the automatic sensor fails to detect that a disc is even in the machine , and wo n't start turning , so i have to squeeze it together to make it work
one of the most essential buttons on any remote is the channel + button and it did not work straight out of the box . i returned it.beyond that , setting it up takes time but is not difficult . i am just going to wait and see about the next model that comes out
this is a poorly designed remote . i have six devices connected to my hd television set . the software depends on the user assigning positions to the various inputs to the tv and , in my case , routinely activated the wrong device when i used the remote . i purchased a logistics harmony remote and it works perfectly . at this point the only thing that i use the remote for is to remotely turn on my satellite receiver at a certain time during the day to record to replay tv ( which can not turn the tv on and off ) .
i have two ni-mh chargers and sony batteries wo n't charge in them . they probably use some proprietary technology to prevent using other brand chargers . they force you to buy their own non-standard charger that probably wo n't again charge other brand batteries . and of course this is not mentioned anywhere . no wonder these batteries are the cheapest . do n't waste your money or support sony 's attempt to bring non-standard products into a standardized market . soon we have to carry bunch of chargers instead of the good old times when just one was enough
once again i 'm amazed at how the reviews were so highly in favor of this product . these are terribly uncomfortable ( for my ears ) and do n't really provide that great of listening experience . the frequency response seems muted until you use the largest possible `` surrounds '' , and then they become distractingly uncomfortable . but of course , this is just my experience , your mileage may vary , as they say . personally , i found my apple ipod 'phones to be better
i am disappointed in this product.i was suppose to write to you from the weekend.my two rear speakers just stop working , and also myremote control . i have replace the batteries , but stilldoes not work.i do n't have any other rear speakers to try on the system.pleasy me what to do.thank youepiphane flaviu
while the verbatim has burned well in 100 % of my recordings they fail to operate in at least 24 different dvd players
i had no problems burning to these discs , its when i went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore . after further research i found out that memorex uses the cheapest dye available and thus the dvds have absolutelly no life to them , my discs started dying after a few months.in addition , in you physically hold the disc in your hands you can feel how warped physically it has become . this is true for all the discs ( about 150 of them ) . i can not not recommend this product stronly enough ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this media did not work on my brand new asus burner , even after updating the firmware
can capture analog video and produce cd-rom 's but i expected the ability to produce dvd
i bought this to record tivo dvr stuff to dvd . worst frame rate capture and audio capture of .avi 's of the four different devices i have tried . completely unusable . the software is a trial version . instead , buy the ads dvdxpress dx2 for a bit more . ulead 's software is stable , and it 's not a trial version . it is also the only analog capture device i have tried that gives a good picture using mpeg capture . pinnacle 's dazzle only is tolerable using avi capture which is great if you have the drive space , but the software is way too buggy
i got sucked into this deal about a year ago and can say long term , risky cells.it could be because the clock draws even when the radio part is off but i'mnot willing to chance it again
if these were free , i 'd still would not recommend them , due to all the time that you will waste with faulty recordings.it is the discs , i must assume , since my burner works fine with other brands.anyway , ( now ) i think it 's best to invest a bit more and get good media..
i have owned five of these ups units over the past four years . i purchased three for my mac and pc at home . then i had to purchase two replacements for units that simply quit . currently only one still works ! i have very infrequent power outages , perhaps three in the past four years . these units work well to allow you to save your work and shut down . my g5 mac was so power hungry that i had to use one for the computer and another for the 23 inch lcd . i ca n't comment on other ups brands such as belkin , but i have seen many competing brands on the web and at the computer stores . there seen to be quite a few dealers selling refurbished apc products but this may be a reflection of apc 's popularity rather than the poor reliability of their brand . my experience over the past four years has been mixed . these are not inexpensive units and you have to decide how precious your data becomes . if you really fear the loss of data during a blackout then the answer is clear . i chose to switch to high quality surge suppressors and never work during potential storms . many users do not have that flexibility so a ups is essential insurance . the units i puchased were identical and only one unit is still operational after four years . i can accept the need to replace the battery every one to two years ; three of the batteries failed and alarms beeped until i bought new batteries . prices vary from $ 15 to $ 50 depending on the vendor . battery life depends on many factors so i do n't begrudge apc for wear and tear on the battery but to have 4 out of 5 units simply stop working is unacceptable . i bought apc branded batteries and ca n't explain why the recurrent failures . i 'm frustated with my apc products but it may be a problem with this model . just beware of the hidden costs of battery replacement when purchasing an ups
i had this card for more than 6 months , and it worked super in my canon powershot a510 . transfers went well too . then all of a sudden for no reason i kept getting `` card error '' on my computer and digital camera a week ago . my sd/usb converter could n't find the card either . i had really good photos i wanted to transfer to my computer and now they are probably lost for good . what a joke
i purchased this boombox over a year and a half ago . what i do like about is that it was hard to find a boombox with a remote and mp3 playback . i agree that it could have been better . it would be nice to be able to rewind from the first to the last . you can not rewind/fast forward in the song in mp3 format but you can do it with a regular audio cd . sometimes i like to hear a certain portion of a song again , but i will have to play the entire song again . i no longer have the remote and there are some things that i can not do anymore .
this thing was slipping and sliding all over the place and i constantly had to readjust in so the functions were in place . the slot on the top that is supposed to allow you to use the `` hold '' feature is completely off so you end up having to stretch the thing over to turn it on and off . the little plastic protector that covers the screen would not stay in place over the screen and i was constantly losing it between the silicon cover and the ipod . i finally just gave up on it and returned it . i bought it because it is one of the only ipod accessories that has a fair price tag . i think i 'll just get it over with and buy one of the more expensive options . was this thing even meant for the gen 2 nano
the minor problem is that the user manual claims the user id is `` admin '' . well , it is not . frustration and wasted time will occur until you somehow find out that the user id should be left blank to log in.the major problem is that the unit only works for twelve to 36 hours before it has be rebooted . after twelve to 36 hours it looses the connection to the wireless network . once you unplug and plug back the power cord , it will work fine for another twelve to 36 hours . i am used to rebooting windows every time it hangs , but i do n't accept having a wireless access point that hangs ( i am not sure how microsoft was able to convince me it is ok for an os to hang ) . this box is going back . i already bought a buffalo that works fine
i ordered the 2-year service plan on may 1st , this day ( july 31st ) , i still have not recievied it . i have contacted them a number of times , and still nothing . do not buy from this company
i purchased this item and one month later i still have not received any paperwork . i emailed and have not received a reply
this is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons.1 . this hub will not work with any usb powered devices . so forget being able to charge your phone or running an unpowered external disk through this hub.2 . extremely slow usb 1.1 . this device is not usb 2.0 compliant3 . it is clunky4 . does not comke with a power adapte
wasted my money for this slow hub ... be aware that if you want to connect your printer , scanner , ipod etc . to this device , think again
i purchased the dlo action jacket ( neoprene for 20 & 40gb ipods ) for my wife for use on walks , etc around town . however , the ipod does n't fit in properly . the circle that is supposed to line up with the ipod 's does n't . the plasic part covering the ipod is awkward and does n't align either so you ca n't press the play button . so , since the ipod does n't fit in the case overall , this product is useless . pls save your time and money and consider another ipod case
i have had this printer for more than a year . at first , it was a great printer . not anymore ! ! it uses up ink like no other , yes , it is great to have the individual tanks ( which is why i bought the thing ) but now the print head is n't working right . do several deep cleanings and use up nearly all the full tanks up , and the problem is still there . the pages have splotchy black marks and the texts are only partially printed . went to the canon website , they do n't even acknowledge this printer ever existed.my recommendation is do n't buy this model ! !
i suffered with this clock for a year because it was a gift and expensive . even on the lowest setting the blue glow is so bright my finace says it looks like an alien spaceship is landing in the room . the sound is so-so and it has no battery backup , lose power for a second and you have to reset everthing . it is also very big , taking up 1/2 my nightstand . the final straw was that it has trouble tuning in even the strongest radio stations where i live . this morning i finally gave in , accepted reality and tossed it in the trash . i wo n't miss it at all
we bought this clock radio , got it home , set it up , realized that it did n't have battery back up , called sony only to find out that they do not find it necessary to put that feature on their alarm clocks ... .how bizarre ! ! they do not carry battery back up on any of their new models according to their representative at the customer service center ! boxed it up and it 's going right back where it came from . if it 's okay not to have battery back up , it might deserve a chance , however , what 's the use in having an alarm clock if you ca n't trust that it will indeed wake you up
i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i would n't know . i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac . i hooked up my printer , ipod and digital camera and nothing happened . i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor . it does n't come with one and does n't say anything about one in the manual or instructions , or their website . they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info ( 5 volt , 2.1 amp , center positive ) . i 've been to two radio shacks and online- they do n't carry it . i 'm upset . any advice
i had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds . the sound quality was good , but the dependability of this item is questionable .
good thing first , efficient on battery , convenient and compact..doubles up as flash drive and no cables except headphone to carry around to charge . thats it.as most of the other reviewers have said this product is absolutely useless because of low iq software people working in sony . utterly non user friendly.i develop software for a living and i am not afraid to use new software ... even though i was able to use the software the main drawbacks are the over smartness of software where it tries to control the music piracy..i had 1gb of atrac songs on this player from my computer . then one day my computer hdd crashed . i was kind of thankful that i had saved atleast 1 gb of music on this bean walkman . atleast all the hours i spent in transfering did not go waste.as soon as i fixed the new hdd and tried to transfer the songs back to my computer..the useless sony softwre will not take the music files back ... i tried every trick and even the sony customer support could not help me ( a very indifferent group of people ) . it is a rotten piece of software and that makes this efficient device a waste of money.of course transfering the files to this player is an entirely diff story and i dont want to go abt that..it is absolutely infuriating
i have an iriver t10 and there is virtually no software to support the usb plug and play interface that mac owners have always expected.pay a little more and buy an ipod . it interfaces with pcs and macs equally well .
first of all , the shipping on this item costs more than the item itself . i did get it quickly ( 2 or 3 days ) , but i had several problems with it : ( 1 ) i repeatedly tried it on my dvd player and the player hung . each time i had to unplug it and plug it back in to get it to respond . i tried over 10 times and got the same result each time . ( 2 ) i tried it on dvd drive 1 on my computer and it hung as well . had to ctrl-alt-del to get my dvd player software to close . on the 3rd attempt it actually did work . ( 3 ) i repeatedly tried it on dvd drive 2 on my computer . each time i got a message saying `` no disk '' .i consider it item a waste of money
cases very cheaply made . break when opening . not worth shipping cost waste of money
it is difficult not to break them when first trying to open them . on the flip side once they have been opened once , they do n't reclose very well
very unreliable ... ... ... . i have used dvd rw and cd rw memorex disks on multiple computers and dvd recorders . i find that they ... ..1 ) do n't last ... .get about 50 re-recordings not 1500 2 ) may crap out on any occasion ... ... .multiple cd rw 's with critical material would not read on multiple computers.avoid memorex dvd rw & cd rw disks !
i have the older , larger version of this product . however , it uses the same software . the labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply the labels is great , but the software is awful . there is no direct macintosh program ; rather there are templates . they were written for old versions of software and really do n't work right . the windows side includes an actual print shop-style program which works awfully . if you do get this , make your own template on appleworks or powerpoint
they totally misrepresent this product . it does not work with macs . i feel cheated and lied to by memorex , shame on you
after purchase they want the buyer to call for the service agreement . of course you want a hard copy , that is why you bought it . just do it .
okay , this is not a review of the product itself . but , i stronglyencourage you to consider not getting an n.e.w warranty . they arereally not in the business to fix things but to make money not fixing things . if you had anything to do with the device not working ( e.g . you dropped it , forget about it they aint gon na fix/replace it whatever . ) they have a very sparce network of repair companies so if there is no one who can fix it in your area you have to ship it to them in virginia ( of course you have to pay for the shipping ! ) lastly , they tend to screw over their repair companies so in some cases they will refuse to repair items covered under an n.e.w warranty or they will take forever to repair it since they know n.e.w will take months to pay them for the work they did.if you want a nightmare for a warranty then by all means go for it
n.e.w . will waste your time , money , and your every last nerve before repairing your product . eventually they will , but not without an exhausting , protracted fight
i 'm not sure what i expected after i purchased this for fifty some-odd dollars and was handed a coupon for a $ 40 rebate . but i wish that someone had informed me before i lugged it all the way home that when you sing into the mic , your voice does n't come through the speaker . i 'm cool with the machine 's sound quality when it comes to playing a cd-g . if i tap the mic , i can hear an extremely faint thud , so i know it 's on , but the volume 's too low -- and , yes , i adjusted the mic controls -- if you want to sing along . which makes this a dinosaur : a boom box in the age of the ipod . really had to dig through the stacks of machines to find a box that had n't been opened . so , when was my first clue ? doh
i used to like my viking 512mb cf card a lot . i had such a card for more than a year . in that period , i used it in my camera . it 's filled up for several times . also occationally i use a card reader ( simpletech ) to write/read that card , to transfer some big files between computers . it 's all fine , and suddenly one day , when the card was half full , and after a card reader reading , i got `` cf card error '' on my camera . fortunately , after i delete a few pictures , i could move on . i gave the card to other people , so i do n't know how it 's doing now.after that , i purchased another viking 512mb , half year ago . i used it to transfer files for a few times , and have never filled it up using my camera yet . now i am getting consistent `` cf card error '' message on my camera , even after re-format for several times , while i do n't have that problem if i use another card . one theory i heard was that a card reader may damage a card . i can not verify though . anyway , i will have to buy another card now , and it wo n't be viking for this time.===== one month later =====i contacted with their customer support . they gave me a number for return , and i mailed back my damaged cf card . they sent back a new one in a week . the new one is working fine so far . the exchange was not difficult . they did not ask for ridiculous things like my old receipt . they only verified the serial number . that 's good
i wish they had a rating for zero stars . i bought the fifty pack and had 12 good burns and 38 coasters . that 's a 24 % success rate . i subsequently bought verbatim data life and have burned 14 so far with no coasters . memorex has really gone downhill .
i bought these discs at compusa because i needed a few before i got the ones i ordered online . well , i just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs , i got one that burned good . not much bang for the buck . i have burned many discs but never memorex , usually verbatim or ridata or mam . very disgruntled with these discs making coasters . maybe my burners do n't like them but whatever the case , i wo n't buy them ever again . i thought memorex made good products
i bought this mouse eight months ago and was quite satisfied - until last week when it stopped functioning altogether . i really expected a better product and durability from microsoft . i 've since bought a logitech vx revolution cordless laser mouse for notebooks and love it .
being a graduate student and living in an apartment , i was hoping to find a cheap printer that would allow me to print off course materials and assignments . it prints off things quite well and it is fast . it does not , however , print 500 pages per month . 50-100 pages per month is a more reasonable estimate and then the cartridges cost over $ 20 , which is high considering how often you need to buy them.the item did arrive in a timely fashion and it arrived in the specified condition .
this card is such a disappointment . it is soooo sloooooow . i use it for my digital camera , mp3 player , and ipaq . it takes forever to copy anything to and from it
bought this a month ago for use with my dx4330 kodak 3mp digital camera . it worked for 2 days.after that , everytime i on the camera , it wanted me to reformat the card , wth is that ? now i ca n't use it at all ... .i 'm always so confidence with my previous purchases from amazon.one mistake i made , i threw away the shipping and product packages once i tested out the card , thought it worked and it would be ok.i can no longer return it now.needless to say , i 'm too over confident with lexar 's products.buyers beware ...
i record dvd movies as a hobby and am always looking for better media , software etc.- i 'd been using ridata for some time w/ next to no coasters but figured i 'd upgrade and go with memorex this time around . big mistake . they skip , pixelate and freeze up . i have had to recopy at least 5 out of the last dozen or so movies i 've done . were it a compatibility issue i could understand , but it appears to be strictly a problem with the quality of the media . i 'm going back to using my cheap disks ! the lesson here is : `` if it works , dont fix it !
i bought the ads upconverter because i bought a hdtv only to find out that my cable co. did n't offer hdtv and after 3 failed attempts to switch to a satellite provider that did offer hdtv ( too many trees around my house ) . i was n't expecting the upconverter to magically turn my standard signals into an amazing hdtv picture , but for $ 550+ i was expecting the upconverter to do something that was actually noticable . when i first turned in on i asked my wife to look at the picture and tell me what she thought . she looked at the tv and said okay i 'm ready turn it on . i said `` it is on ! ! '' this is pretty much the reaction i had also when i looked at it . the image i got for my digital cable was certianly different , but that 's all it was , different . it was not noticably better . in fact , in some instances i though the picture was worse . i called ads tech support and they kept insisting i try it with my dvd because that is what the product is best for ( even though that 's not what i got it for ) . so i did and to be honest i really preferred the picture i got directly from my dvd over the picture i got after running it thru the upconverter . it did n't matter what display format i put it in it just did n't do anything to improve the picture . save your money . if you ca n't get hdtv do n't expect this box to give you anything close to the next best thing
cosmetically pleasing is about the only good thing you can say about this unit . the included software does contain viruses . the included software is a reminate of the late 80 's to early 90 's . the tablet itself does not work under win2000 nor winxp . under 98 second edition it stops responding quite frequetly and you have to unplug and plug the unit back in to get it to respond again . this unit would be great , if it came out 7 years ago . you get what you pay for
i just recently bought this and when i installed it norton caught 2 viruses on the install cd .
out of the past 20 burns , i have only had 10 dvd 's burn successfully . i use roxio cd creator version 7 , which does a great job with my cd 's , so i 'm pretty sure it 's the dvd media . not only am i wasting all my money , but my time as well . i 've tried to lower the burn speed , but it does not matter . i 'd try something else
i ordered this on the recommendation of another amazon customer . i wasnt impressed . i though this would save me money because until then i had been just buying new copies of my favorite cds that were scrathced up . i cleaned a few discs and ran them through all three `` processes '' without successful results . it didnt seem to make much difference with any of my discs . i dont think this is a good `` repairer '' of any disc thats more than mildly scratched . my suggestion would be to just replace your damaged discs by buying another copy of your cd or dvd on amazon ! ! many of my cds i have replaced for $ 7-10 bucks on here . i wish i wouldve kept my $ 25
not sure if i just got a lemon or what but would never purchase this player again . it worked right most of the time , but found that at times it would confuse the change disc button with the eject button . i would have to turn the unit on and off to get it to `` reset '' and work correctly . it 's now about 9 months later and the unit decided it was time to stop working.bought it because it was cheap and i guess i got what i paid for . fork out the extra cash and purchase another brand
hi ! i bought my cyberhome 300 in april 2006 , and was able to set the region code to `` 0 '' to watch all dvd 's . after not using the dvd player for a few weeks ( and unplugging it ) , the region code has automatically set back to `` 1 '' and i can not change it anymore ! what happened ? ? when i try to change it now i can only choose between the settings `` 1 '' and `` - '' . anyone who has the same problem ? thank yo
as with some of the other reviewers , mine stopped working and blew the fuse in my car for the cigarette lighter . i bought a vector brand inverter at wal-mart and it is much better
amazon fail to deliver item within a reasonable time . the item fail to arrive and therefore we never received the good
the sound was great , but the dvd would lag every 10-15 seconds during any and all movies . it drove me nuts . i had to return it .
this philips hts3400 dvd has all the features i need , but its mp3 player is really bad : audio just pops before moving to a next song . it looks like what philips ' people just do in all of their electronics . i really do n't want to talk about this any more because william r. french and a. isaicu all talke about these problems
the good : when i first heard about this board i was incredibly excited . i have been playing bf2 ( battlefield 2 ) for almost a year now and still continually find myself stumbling over the keys . so it was a godsend to be able to purchase something like this directly intended to help me be better at my game . the interchangable keysets for different games and applications is quite intriguing -- the first that i have seen . but the price for each is kind of high but well worth it.the bad : the board is constructed well but do n't expect this to replace your home keyboard . the `` windows keyset '' that comes standard with this board has all the keys as any run-of-the-mill keyboard but it is awkward to type with ( i might be biased since i have a msoft ergonomic split keyboard ) . in-game typing is difficult at best ( with the gaming keysets ) . with most of the gaming keysets the keys on the left 1/2 of the keyboard are laid out like your home keyboard but on the right 1/2 side they are all vertical ( not staggered.. like u , j and m keys are 90 degrees vertically on top of each other ) . the keys feel a little `` cheap '' .. when you push them down they do n't bounce back as much.the ugly : about 2 weeks after i purchases this board ( and the bf2 keyset ) 9 keys went completely dead . i tried to reinstall the software , reboot and even resinstalled a fresh copy of windows xp to no avail.i contacted support and it has taken us 3 weeks to finally reach the decision that i have a faulty base unit . duh ! they are `` reviewing my warranty '' but most likely it will not be covered because it has been longer than 30 day . maybe this post is premature but i do n't think i am getting a new base unit.conclusion : the expression `` great idea , bad execution '' holds true here . my opinion : do n't buy this board . ideazon has too many issues , not enough support staff and a website that does n't do anything but look good
it was a great product when it worked . sleek design , super user friendly , sharp image and easily unlock to all region . never had any problem loading or playing until last week . went completely dead for no reason in the middle of a movie . swallowed the dvd with it . it would 've been a greater product if it lived pass 1 year at least
the player stopped working after only a few months - it would accept dvds but not play them and refuse to eject them . that behavior started out as intermittent , but it finally gave up the ghost and swallowed a dvd and never let go . we had to take the player apart just to get the dvd out before throwing the player away in the trash . our previous dvd player lasted over 5 years before it started skipping . this one lasted less than a year before it stopped working altogether - what a waste . save your time and money and buy another machine
i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i would n't know . i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac . i hooked up my printer , ipod and digital camera and nothing happened . i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor . it does n't come with one and does n't say anything about one in the manual or instructions , or their website . they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info ( 5 volt , 2.1 amp , center positive ) . i 've been to two radio shacks and online- they do n't carry it . i 'm upset . any advice
i bought these thinking they were a good deal but now i have to agree with some of the other reviewers . i bought 24 of these and one year later i have four left that will take any sort of charge . the ones that died maybe had six recharges on them each . i also have several high end chargers that do n't want anything to do with the ones that died . on the bright side i have several lenmar dlcrv3 batteries for my digital camera and they have been a+ after 2+ years
o.k. , i purchased these batteries over a year ago and only opened the pack now . these batteries will not hold a charge and my charger indicates that the batteries are past their useful lives . i do n't know what the normal lifespan of rechargeable batteries is , but these did n't last being on the shelf for a little over a year . i will never buy this brand again
to be short , the performance is less than great but ok , but i can live with that since i have dozens of them , i do n't care if it runs out faster . but what i could n't stand if that it also set my charger on fire since one of them leaked , i could n't imagine what would happen if i did n't come to my desk in time
i bought this as a travel charger for my blackberry . all i can say is awful , awful , awful . i followed instructions in the manual ( which are pretty easy ) and charged up the solio . after waiting twice as long as required , i tried to plug it into my blackberry 7250 to see how it charged -- big mistake . not only did it not charge a weird red `` battery '' icon came on in the upper left of the screen and then the blackberry promptly crashed.i tried this routine several times over several days with the same result , rereading the manual so many times it was ridiculous . finally , i had enough and told the customer service for solio that i was returning it . not only did they never return my money ( i had to call my cc company to handle it ) no one ever said what the problem could be.my advice : stay away from this thing -- it may seen cool or environmentally friendly , but it is junk a piece of over-priced junk
c. musselman can add 2 more cards to his connector problem . i have gone through 2 desktop cards that do not have proper fittings for the external antenna - i plan to return it all . avoid this product
sound quality was fine but this cd changer doesnt work well at all . i am one of the buyers that had the same problems as many others with the cd changer . tried to play shuffle with all discs and it just stops playing after a while . it also has problems just changing to the next sequential cd . apparently sony did n't do proper quality testing on this product . i returned mine and after these other reviews wo n't be replacing it with a sony . i hope this is a message to sony .
there are brands i trust and ones i do n't . sony has always been a trusted brand . but after buying and returning two of these units for very basic operationing flaws my confidence is shaken . i should have read these other reviews before i made my purchase , but because this unit is a sony i trusted it would be a superior product . the problems i had in both units are the same ones mentioned by other reviews : when playing cds in random mode the unit consistently fails to play all the songs before failing to load a cd and quitting . i followed the advice of another reviewer and bought the onkyo dx c390 6 disc changer . i am hoping i have better luck .
i recently bought my second of these . the first had a digital tuner . you had to get used to the feel . after about a year of use , one earphone went out . the one i just bought has an analogue tuner , and it is extremely hard to get any station other than the very high-powered pop ( and around here , country ) stations . the tuner requires extremely small movements to move way up the dial . i ca n't believe sony is charging $ 40.00 for this cheap piece of junk
i bought this for my 4 kids who love the frozen drinks . but , i soon found that it does not work well . after a few uses the gears began to stick . it would no longer crush/shave ice . stick with the smaller units
upon the joyful news that we were having a girl , my husband decided to invest in a new digital camera and a photo printer . the digital camera still works great -- the printer is another matter . while this one prints beautiful pictures , the cost of ink far outweighs the beauty of them sometimes.as we all know , this is how printer companies make their money , through the ink . replacing every cartridge at once will run you about $ 75 at a time , give or take a few . the gray ink is used up the quickest , and has also been one of the hardest for us to find here locally . the main problem i have with this printer is that the quality is excellent after you replace the ink , but for only about the first 50-70 pictures . after that . the pictures take on too much of a magenta cast and start to get out of register -- very frustrating when you 're printing out any pictures , let alone ones of your child . yes , we do what the manual sugests for such occasions , and the main one is to clean the printer cartridge heads , but this has only actually worked for us on one occassion . every other time get us no results and we are still stuck with pictures that resemble something a third grader took a crayon to . in the long run , i will not be buying a photo printer for home use , but will rather take them to a store for processing . quality-wise , it gets you in the beginning , but does n't hold out for the long run . we have fiddled with it for two years . enough 's enough
my wife purchased an hp photosmart 8450 printer as a christmas present for me . i installed it and it worked perfectly for one week . then the colors started to change . photos had extreme amount of yellow in them , such as yellow faces and hands , no proper flesh tones . i call hp support and was told that my printer was out of warranty because the warranty starts when the printer was manufactured , not the purchase date . i was offered one free call but my call was interrupted because of an appointment that i had . i was given a case number , but when i called hp back stating my case number , they said that this was no longer a free call . i explained it was an extension of the first call , but they refused to work with me.i think hp warranty policy stinks , and would not purchase another hp product as long as this policy stands .
this dvr works ok . but when it is recording , forget about changing channels . it is really really slow and takes like forever to even receive any remote clicks . broadband feature is nice ; but usb does n't come cheap . its like [ ... ] .
a clock radio that you have to fumble for a remote to use ... .i do n't think so . i have the older models ( cd & clock radio ) and they are nice but the new model is irritating . i also have the ipod player and at least the volume controls are on the system . i ca n't keep a system that i have to locate a remote to operate .
june 04,2006i purchased this radio for emergency purposes , however it seems to be very week . i am a double amputee and am confined to a wheel chair . i depend on my radio to raise help . but , i am afraid this one will not be dependable . i am not asking for them to be returned or for a refund just letting you and your customers know of a very weak product and i could not reccomend this product to anyone . cobra was the tops in radios but something has happened to the quality.thank you for listening ; william hembree wmhembree @ aol.com
this carrying case worked well for me until i jumped in my car and the case caught on the door frame and the belt clip ripped right off of it , causing my ipod to fall to the pavement . it turns out the clip is n't fastened on all that securely
for $ 20 bucks ... after finally figuring out that i had to turn my mic inputs all the way up , i still ca n't get more than a -20db signal from my guitar ... save your money..
i bought one of these modules for my dell 700m . installed it easily but once every few days my system crashes or i get a blue screen . i contacted kingston and they said that this module has n't been tested on dell machines and is configured to work on generic computers only ! i would n't recommend this memory for dell 700m users .
i wish i had read the problems and netgear.com forums before purchasing this product.huge flaw in this product requires that it be restarted daily . this requires you unplug and plug back in the ap in order for it to stay visable to your computers.second problem i am noticing is that the 54mbps speeds are very rare , and even at 3-5feet from the ap the unit is around 11-36mpbs.do not buy this product , find another company who stands behind there products . all of my contacts with them have landed me somewhere in india . people on the phone dont know how to help you and email support is a joke . latest firmware fixes none of the problems
i bought the zire 72s as an upgrade to my previous black and white palm that i had no problems with . it has been nothing but a lemon since i got it . often when i turn it on it has lines going across the screen and has to be turned off and then on again to get rid of them . the graffiti is terrible and rarely works . i have to reset it all the time . customer support is terrible and did nothing to rectify the problems . i even sent it to them at one point and they sent it back in exactly the same condition i sent it to them . i do n't think they even looked at it . after my experience with this palm , i will never buy palm again
this thing worked for two days and then started cutting off songs and starting them over . we thought it was the battery going bad but a new battery did n't help . do n't buy this item . i am not even going to bother getting it replaced after reading the other reviews here
i have had various wifi networking solutions in my home and office for several years . while some linksys units have worked for me , more often i have found them undependable . in particular , the wps54gu2 set up fine , but i almost always had to cycle the power to get it to work each time i printed . not worth the hassle
my drive fail after one year and a half ... ! ! ! this company really suck big time ... .i lost all of my data ... ! ! ! all off it ... ! ! ! this is the third one that fail out of four of them i purchased last year ! ! ! total junk ... ! ! ! never buy a lacie again for sure ... .maxtor external is the best ! !
i bought this hd because my lacie ( which had lasted over 5 years ) crashed on me finally . so i figured i would try a different company . out of the box this product looked great , although it was very large and heavy . i immediately plugged it in to test it and it came up - however that was the one and only time that it booted . i tried several more times and it would n't boot up . very very scary when you buy a new device to hold all you important data and it wo n't boot up out of the box . i do n't know if this product just happened to be the one that sucked - but i am not taking any chance on a defective hd and my data . going back to lacie
i purchased this and shipped to us and finally had it delivered to india in gurgaon . iam a musician and i desperately wanted a good microphone . i record my violin pieces on my laptop and used an ordinary computer mike for this . but i wanted a more sensitive recording and couldnt believe the dismal output of this mike . the gain was lower than the ordinary mike , it doesnt work at all without the battery , but the sound is tiny and totally unsatisfactory . unfortunately sony doesnt have good service centres who 'll entertain me in delhi and i consider 70 bucks down the drain . : < ..
does not work on vista . sooooo disappointed because my laptop sound completely disappeared with vista upgrade ( save for the windows startup music ) . i thought this new sound card would bring my sounds back . might have , but it says not compatible with vista . i guess i 'll be getting a new computer . :
are you serious ? i bought this a while ago to see if it was cool . it is a piece of junk , u can barely get any channels , and even if you do , you can barely see them and it has loud static . dont buy it its garbage
the screen is too small . if you want to watch it in your car , you have to cover it because the back light is too week .
the item was not difficult to install but the adaptor plate did not fit my tv so i called peerless customer service and they had one sent to me but that cost me another 40 bucks . i was disappointed it was not as universal as advertised . once i got the tv up it is ok , and getting the tv up to it is a 3 person job and it takes two to lift it up as it should for safety reasons but a 3rd person needs to hold the arm steady . i did find out there is another one that could have fit without having to spend the extra 40 bucks . i had to return the first tv to the store and round up help when i got a replacement . now it looks like i may need to do that again as the replacement tv has problems also.this whole thing with the mount and tv has been very frustrating.mike d. live and learn
these verbatim discs are hands down the very worst blank media i 've ever encountered ! they 're made by cmc magnetics -- well known as the worst media manufacturer in the world . but not only are they cmc magnetics , they 're the worst of the worst of cmc magnetics ! the latest kprobe *hangs* when faced with these , forcing a hard reset . the latest nero burning rom *hangs* when faced with these , forcing a hard reset . the program continues , non-stop , to display `` waiting for media '' when i use these , and an attempt to abort hangs windows xp sp2 the same way it hangs kprobe.curiously , the media ids on these are exactly the same as that on philips lightscribe cd-r media ( they 're made by cmc magnetics as well ) . however , at least the philips are recognized by all my software and hardware , quite unlike the verbatims . that 's why i say that these verbatim are the worst of the worst from cmc magnetics . ( the philips are no prize , either , but they perform minimally well ) .the *only* thing that worked with these media are the lightscribe labeling . but what 's the point of labeling discs you ca n't even recognize , let alone burn ? i had the exact same problems with these media in both my lite-on lh-201ah burner and my nec nd-2510a burner ( the latter is universally recognized as and ideal burner for even low-quality media ) .note that verbatim had a great reputation when they sold media manufactured by taiyo yuden . but , stupidly , they chose to go ultra-cheap and turned to the dreaded cmc magnetics corp . thus , they lost all credibility ! *avoid these like the plague ! *
ymmv , but my 80gb drive died after 6 months . i found this be very handy to have around to transfer large files between work and home , but i expected it to last longer than 6 months given that it was well taken care of . i 'm glad i back up my data in more than one place
this product looks and feels very flimsy . do not be fooled by the flashy , metallic-looking picture . the plastic shell of this device is the quality of mcdonald 's toys . one would think that for $ 300 , the company would at least commission a manufacturer that did not leave plastic whiskers hanging off the rims due to bad cutting . the buttons are hard to press . in order to turn the device on , you have to press very firmly , which is a risky thing to do considering the cracking delicacy of the shell.the cable port for the docupen is also extremely flimsy , and you have to hold the cable firmly in place in order for the downloads to take place ; otherwise , the connection will be lost . i am a pre-medical student , and i very stupidly invested a lot of money in this product , believing that i could ( for 8 seconds a page and 100 pages per disk ) scan my science textbooks in the library , including the colored diagrams , and in that way , i thought i would make back my investment , since textbooks go for at least $ 100 each . however , i now see that this belief was naive , to say the least . the docupen is extremely difficult to use . the words come out distorted , like a jammed fax machine , and although the free paper port software which comes complimentary with the docupen is rather useful for annotating pdf 's , the docupen does not produce texts that are legible enough to annotate.furthermore , downloading is very slow ( at least 15 seconds per page on my fast computer ) , and since you ca n't see how your scans have turned out until you load them into the computer , you will have to re-scan about 80 % of pages due to stretches , smudges , blurriness , suspicious blank spots , and general illegibility.i wish i had read some of the other negative amazon reviews before buying this product . i would have saved myself a lot of money and time.if you are a user who is only looking to scan pictures or a few flat documents , then this product may work okay for you , although a digital camera will probably deliver better results . if you have been harboring grandiose visions of going all-out `` paperless '' with this product , you will find yourself extremely disappointed . until planon decides that this product is worthy enough to invest in a semi-decent shell manufacturuer , it will not a good buy . the idea is wonderful and has a lot of potential , especially when coupled with a tablet pc . however , the execution of the idea needs improvement . i hope to see a far better version of this product in the next few years , at a price that is comparable to quality .
this product is a sad joke . it 's expensive of course . the paper is just heavyweight paper that 's perforated so you can bend it and break out the inserts themselves ... which takes some effort ( not sure if it 'd be quicker just getting heavyweight paper and using a paper cutting board ) . but , whatever . however , the software is crap . that 's the appropriate term . reading this i can save you an hour of your precious time . no you ca n't make the template show right-side up . that 's right ... to use the software you have to tilt your head sideways . i 'm not kidding ! i guess you could also turn your monitor on it 's side . you can rotate the text so it shows the way it should . but when you edit it , it 'll be sideways again . so you 'll have to turn your head ( or monitor ) back and forth sideways . what kind of company would sell such a product ? and oh yeah ... if you 're looking for templates for the dvd inserts ? ... nada . they 're not there !
fyi : this does not fit the new generation 5.5 of ipods ( 80 gb ) . another thing is that there is n't a hole for the headphone jack which is rather odd
i was ( wrongly ) advised by tech support to buy this instead of waiting for a new supply of power supplies from voodoo . be sure your computer is supported , because targus tech wo n't give you any info about voltage , amperage or wattage on this thing , so you ca n't safely maake it work with an unsupported computer . so amazon , as usual , graciously took it back . love amazon . i just now read the other reviews and now consider myself lucky i did n't keep it and try to make it work
after about 3 weeks of operation , the fan clicks and buzzes like crazy . looking for a better option
i bought this product as a way to keep a large amount of backup data saved , however i have fought with the drivers for days now . whenever the drive is working the usb on my computer does not work , if i try to use multiple computers on the same drives it crashes ( even with the newest updates ) i will be returning this product asap . i 'm very disappointed and will not be buy netgear again ! i only wish there was a 0 star revie
this was my second netgear product i bought ( previously a wireless modem which i was only okay with not impressed ) the idea of a network storage appeals to me . but this drive just is not good . in reading the previous reviews i found that it was a finicky thing , and be careful on the drives you buy for it . well i searched and searched and found a drive that worked and bought both yesterday . tried to set it up today and connecting the drive went pretty well , but that is where everything started to go down hill . midway through the install it tells you to okay any error messages ( which turn out to be things like this is untested on xp and might not work kind of errors ) and suddenly my computer reboots . figured it would have told me it was going to do so oh well , and it never goes back to the install like most programs do when they require a reboot . tried again , same thing happens . started poking around and find out that not only do you have to check the drive you put in to the sc101 , you need to look in to your own computer . to quote netgears web site , `` scsi disk drivers from the promise company conflict with the sc101 device drivers . promise drivers are typically used for raid 1 or for sata drives . many newer computers use promise sata drivers . `` my computer is just a week old and has these newer drivers . back in the box the sc101 goes , and i try to uninstall the software as this product will not work for me . tried the 3 things when you have trouble it suggests , and none work . this is where i get really frustrated , netgear support . i waited 35 minutes for someone to pick up the phone , who ultimately told me it was my own fault and i 'd have to pay to have that `` cr*p '' , yes he said it , from my system . i needed to hire a local computer vendor and it would be my bill . i have to pay to get this junk off my computer . way to support your products netgear . the tech support person who got on the phone had an accent that was hard to understand , and went through huge mood swings during the call , from happy , to argumentative , to depressed , to happy again . i was freaked that this person knew my home address ! all in all , this is a great concept . after reading up on it and now experiencing it , i think it needs a ton more engineering and refinement before it is brought to market . maybe by a company with better customer service . it really requires a level of technical expertise that is not there with the average consumer
range is very weak probably less than half a mile . do n't waste your money
everything works fine except for two flaws in excel : on the numpad , the minus key actually toggles shift and the slash key acts as the alt key . this is unacceptable , i had a logitech keyboard also with all sorts of annoying little flaws which surfaced when playing games . logitech has some great ideas and sleek looking products , but they are plagued with small yet crucial technical shortcomings . i will never buy logitech again
i live in san francisco and have generally good radio reception . this unit could not receive normal fm stations that table radios sitting right next to it could pick up ... and i used the fancy `` dipole '' antenna on the boston accoustics unit and the other table radios only had an internal antenna.the hd part of the radio is total junk . sometimes the audio `` skips '' and sometimes the signal is lost and reacquired ( meaning 3 or 4 second drop-outs . ) all in all , there 's nothing good about this radio . do n't buy it .
de k0unx . i know radios.i purchased the recepter radio hd a year ago , used it for a weekend and returned it immediately . even in the denver market , with lots of very strong hd signals , this radio had trouble finding them . i 'd be listening to a strong station , and the radio would lose lock , go silent , and rebuffer before coming back to life . this was one of the few hd radios available when i bought it . i have since purchased a sangean hdr-1 and love it . read my review under the sangean hdr-1
tried this with two different computers using windows vista . got this message : `` one of the usb devices attached to this computer has malfunctioned , and windows does not recognize it . '' the mini-disk that came with it was no help . no response from tiger direct . went to radio shack and got one . it works
after one successful printing it did n't work at all . my printer is hp deskjet 712c . this cable seemed to be recognized correctly at first but kept from being connected
what more can i say than the above ? it is flimsy , does n't stay in adjustment , rattles around when you move , and looks cheap to boot . do n't waste your money , this thing is junk . it would be more appropriately priced at $ 5.00 .
tilting the foot rest back and forth is not the easiest thing in the world . it 's just cheap plastic rubbing on cheap plastic so it sticks a lot . mine broke in 2 different spots within a month..
there are many aspects of the t5 people want to count as negatives . for me i consider them annoyances but not killers . i would like to have wifi with my pda but i am not dead with out it . more memory is always good but the t5 is n't on the hurting side . it 's not a good mp3 player with the memory it has . and even if you have a 2g card with mp3 's it 's not like this is what you would buy for mp3s . but as far as contact information , on the go applications etc.. i would consider this as good as any other . the problem as i have just found out is these are known to die . i have n't heard of this issue till it happened to me but it seems the t5 will at some point die . it will lock up and even after all the resets listed from palm it will not come back to even a factory state . you will have a palm powered logo screen with a small black line flashing on the top . there are a couple of fixes . if you are under warranty you can send it back to palm for them to make it better . or you can remove the battery and solder it back . this is a serious design issue that palm is more than happy to charge you for.until i ran into this i would have rated this a 4/5 . until this happened the device did what i expected it to do . i read the box before buying it and knew it had some lack of cool factor with the no wifi . but it has one of the fastest processors ( available at that time ) in a pda . which was a different type of cool . the bluetoothworks well enough i have n't had any issues with it . you can surf the net with bluetooth so wifi is n't really that big of a deal.but if you ca n't trust your device is going to be working the next day it really does n't matter what cool feature it has . this has been a very expensive let down.i do n't want to buy another palm after this experience but i am not sure what toswitch to ...
first t5 lasted 6 months , then just refused to start - was replaced under warranty . this one locked up after about 3 months - was replaced again under warranty . the third t5 lasted about 5 months . it 's now out of warranty and wo n't start or reset . no - i 'm not rough on my pdas . none of them got even as much as a scratch . each one looked like new when it `` broke '' . the first 2 times , palm told me the rom had failed . i guess it 's the same problem again , but i 'm not spending $ 169 to get it swapped for another faulty t5 . good bye palm.out of the box i think it 's a good pda , so check those 4 and 5 star reviews to see how long the users have had their pdas before you buy
i bought this headset from retailer ( offline ) , and returned it the next day . first off , i have to make it clear that i had no problems with sound . even though the speakers could have been just a tiny bit bigger ( they use 40mm drivers ) , the sound quality of the headset was just fine.however , when it comes to wearing these headphones , the only words that come to mind are `` uncomfortable as sin '' . the awkward squarish shape of the cups made it hard to get any kind of decent seal around the ears ( and a bad seal on closed-back headphones ultimately leads to poor sound isolation ) . also , i have no idea what material they used for the cup pads , but it is nowhere near soft enough ... in fact , i litterally could n't wear these things for more than five minutes without my ears turning red ( flush ) from discomfort . mind you , i also own a cheap pair of koss headphones i can keep on for hours at a time , so my ears are definitely no stranger to being cupped in speakers either ... but these things , they just plain hurt to wear after a very short period of time , which is n't good at all . discomfort and being unable to obtain a good seal around the ears were ultimately the main reasons for the return . if your ears are tough , you should have no problem with this headset . the sound quality is decent and it should work just fine for you . however , if you 're looking for comfort and good sound isolation , you 'll want to look elsewhere..
i dont recommend these for 1st person shooter gamers.impossible to tell if enemy is in front or behind you.probably ok if direction of sound is not important to you.left and right work ok but not front/rear for some reason.my hp laptop earbuds work better
the use of this ac power adaptor has increased the amount of static to the point where using the radio with the adaptor is pointless . on battery the radio works very well , just attach the adaptor and all reception is lost.invest in batteries rather than this product .
i bought this card and the belkin pre-n wireless router in nov. 2006 at a bestbuy store during thanksgiving sale . the router worked but the card did not . i called belkin many times . everytime they asked me to re-install the drivers and software for the card but the card never worked . i wasted more than 4 hours on phone and re-installing drivers again and again . then finally belkin asked me to ship them the defective card to get a replacement . i pointed out that i should not have to bear the shipping costs because the card never worked to begin with but belkin was not ready to cover the shipping costs . i have shipped them the defective card today and am awaiting a replacement to arrive
i ordered this product june 21st and am now told i should receive it by oct 28th . i would n't waste my time ordering this product from amazon
this site is hard to find the ink cartridge i need . # 78 tri color for my hp 750
dear sir/madam : its very difficult to email you regarding things i ca n't find . ! or you do n't sell ? i am looking for hp black ink . # 20 for 656c printer . now , you tell me which ink i need ? no way you can tell. ! ! because you are not selling or what ? you site is very difficult to find ink i need
overall i do n't like it . when the screen is black between scenes and what not , their is a lot of mixed in red and other colors from interference . buy a different one , this one is just not up to the task
i ordered the a1500 and received the a1000 . i opted not to send it back when i read the other feedback on this page . i did n't want to lose shipping costs and not get reimbursed ( as the other fellow did below ) . amazon is usually pretty good , not this time , and not on this product.if you want , you can call them at : 1.800.201.7575 ( toll free , us and canada ) 1.206.346.2992 or 1.206.266.2992 ( outside us and canada ) 1.877.586.3230 ( canada only ) uk customer service : +44.208.636.9200
i ordered the cobra hg a1500 high gear cb antenna . they keep sending the cobra hg a1000 . now i 'm stuck with a antenna i did not order nor do i want .
this vicks ultrasonic humidifier was thoroughly recommended by everyone when we needed a humidifer with the possible hose attachment that goes to a mask around my dad 's new tracheostomy . problem is , it puts out too much mist even at the lowest setting ! we 've tried everything including taping the hole , but it then goes from 'all ' to 'nothing ' because the small hole desired quickly coalesces water preventing steam from passing through . of course it was n't until we started mentioning it to the various rn 's that come to take care of my dad that 'everyone ' using it for the same purpose complains of the same excessive mist problem . so ... i 've resorted to making large hole cuts in the plastic tubing leading up to my dad 's mask . not a great way to do it ( and just asking to be seeded by bacteria ) , but if anyone has a better suggestion , i 'm all for it , even if it means suggesting a different humidifier..
o.k. , so i 'm paying $ 300 for a set-top box with a 40gb hard drive , but i ca n't use it as a dvr ? why not ? also , the only content i can play on this set-top box is content that comes through itunes ? that 's right . if it is n't in your itunes library , you can play it on the apple tv . this means you caqn play your dvd 's , you cant't play saved dvd , imovie , or other movie files , you ca n't play anything unless it has been successfully ; y added to your itunes library . also , make sure you see the fine print about having to have a widescreen tv . they are n't joking about this . if you do n't have one , you can still use this item but it will show up as a frame about half the size of your screen ( it wo n't go to the edges and be borderless ) so you have a tiny window to view inside a large black box . any pros ? it has to be the easiest setup i have ever experienced with an electronic item . i mean less than 5 minutes and i was set . also , i thought it was really coll that with zero configuring on my part , it was able to communicate perfectly with itunes just because i plugged the apple tv into my airport extreme router that my computer was also plugged into . basically , apple tv saw this is a direct link . i did n't think it would be that easy without having to configure something , but it was . also the menus are very helpful and attractive . this will be a good product down the line when this will have a larger hard drive and dvr capability . right now it 's time to sell this one on ebay and wait a few years for something better . if this had only cost me $ 100 or $ 150 i would probably keep it , however . $ 300 is too much for too little
the left palm pad keep peeling , possibly from the uneven heat.this make the protection pad a lot less useful than one wouldthink , which is most people buy this pack fo
not very happy with this product.the software on the pc side does n't work well at all.wo n't list all my files and i ca n't get it to update changes or new folders.this bugger has way to big of a foot print.the remote needs a skip function to fast foward through movies.hey i have a xbox with xbmc on it . get a clue , and copy some of it 's functionality . it continues to blow away any of the media players i have purchased
i read the other reviews , some glowing , others well.. not so glowing . the price was right , ( $ 149 - 50 rebate ) so i thought i would take a chance . i read the other reviews so i have no one else to blame but myself . first off , i am only interested in playing videos from my computer , so i have no idea how well the image viewing or mp3 playing works . i also notice other people reviewing this product had all kinds of problems with wireless connections . my house is fully wired with cat5 , therefore i am using this product wired , not wireless . i was able to get the device connected to my network and reading files from the media server within 10 minutes of opening the carton ... so far so good . the first thing i did was check for updates . an update was found and updated successfully . i then had the dsm-320 look for media servers . it found the tversity server right away and i was able to see the contents listed . this unfortunately is the end of the good news . it 's all went downhill from here . 1 . neither server , tversity or the dlink were smart enough to view a folder of vob files as a movie . they listed them as vob_1 , vob2 etc . so for example , i clicked on my casablanca folder , i would then need to click on vob_1 to start the movie . when vob_1 ended after about 20 minutes , it did not go to vob_2 . i needed to use the remote and manually select the next item to play . arrrgghh ! ! p.o.s . thing . 2 . as another review stated , the ff simply does not work properly . oh , sure if you press ff the movie will fast forward . but there is no way to stop it . if you press play while the movie is ff'wding , the movie starts to play from the beginning of the current vob . more , arrrrgghh ! this alone is enough of a nuisance to return the device . which i will be doing first thing in the morning.my final advice to any prospective buyers : s t a y a w a y ! ! ! ! my final advic to d-link , great idea , but your product absolutely sucks.oh one more thing , someone mentioned that their tech support was very freindly . yes the two ladies i spoke to were both very friendly , their english was terrible . ( guess which county you call for tech support ... oh come on , just one guess ) it also sounded like each of the tech support personnel are sitting shoulder to shoulder to one another . i could hear at least 2 other tech support people communicating with their clients . which made it very difficult for the lady helping me . she needed to ask me to repeat myself over and over . sheesh , i must have read my phone number to her at least 4 times before she got it right.one last interesting tidbit , on the packaging , they mention nero recode ce . so i went to the nero site to check it out . nero has a list of supported media players listed . and you know what , d-link is not one of them . i will return this d-link junk and purchase one the nero certified product instead.i bow my head in shame , as i had read the reviews but i bought the product anyway .
and i was right ... .i should have passed on this . it was a pain to configure , and then none of the settings would stick . whenever i changed the default password , it would never let me log back into the camera without having to do a reset . that kind of defeats the point . returning this item so i can get something decent . the money saved is not worth it
bad customer service its been almost a month and i still have not received this product . ive sent 3 emails and called twice noone really helped me with anything , neither did anyone answer the phones . i dont even know how to rate the item because i dont have it . im pretty sure its really nice its just ive been waiting for almost a month and this is getting frustrating with no help
you 'll end up looking for something better . sound fidelity is pretty bad .
there 's a reason this thing is only 6 bucks . it 's absolute junk . i put it into the cassette player in my car , and the sounds were completely distorted . the voice constantly skips , and the casette sometimes clicks . the quality of sound in my car is usually amazing , and basically there was no bass sound coming through my speakers using this device . i 've tried both sides , but still no avail . i plan on returning it if shipping does n't cost more than the product itself
i have a dcs-900w camera that failed within a year . after that , i made 7 calls to their customer service and tried to get it returned and replaced . obviously i was talking to some indian people overseas that do n't seem to care about the `` service '' that much , and usually after a couple of transfers , the line got cut off or picked up by another layman . during conversation , the line quality is very bad.after a while , i just decided that $ 100 camera is not worth the time of the calls . i am in the process of reporting their practice to the better business bureau.based on my experience , i would be reluctant to buy any expensive things from d-link . once you have any problem , they just wo n't honor the waranty
i was pretty disappointed with the tune belt because of two main reasons . first , i had to take my shuffle out of the protective rubber case that i usually keep it in so that it would fit inside the tune belt . that was n't such a big deal since it is somewhat protected inside the neoprene sleeve . but then i went to wear it for a run , and the arm-band was too small for my arm ! i have fairly developed biceps from years of weight training , but nothing outrageous . i would have thought that with a velcro strap there would have been enough range to accommodate most users . this is unfortunately not the case . so if you have larger than average biceps ( say 17 '' amd up ) , save your money ...
i bought my monitor yesterday and found to have a buzzing sound at lower brightness ( < 100 % ) . just scheduled an exchange lcd
after having installed the unit for 43 days , the suction cup snapped off the plastic mounting . this was a spantaneous break while driving sending the unit `` flying '' ! very dangerous ! ! tomtom would not replace the unit , as the claim that paart is warranted only for 3 weeks ! buyer beware . see the tomtom forum for description and picture : [ ... ] and other links to the base issue
i ordered this television with high hopes , knowing that despite reports of firmware problems and other defects that i would luck out and save a bundle . but you get what you pay for . every sharp aquos lcd tv manufactured before april 1 , 2006 shipped with bad firmware . what does this mean to you ? for me , it meant that 15 minutes after unpacking the tv and turning it on , it turned itself off and never turned back on again . resets , system resets , power cycling , unplugging components did n't help . my tv was completely bricked . a search turned up threads on websites like avs forum with other owners of sharp tvs in the d4u and d6u series all reporting similar power management problems almost immediately after purchase . for them , the fix was a visit to a sharp authorized service center to either have the firmware replaced or a physical replacement of boards inside the tv . i say a `` visit '' because sharp does not cover in-house technician visits for tvs under 32 '' , a fact they could have informed me of before letting me wait 1 week for a tech visit that would ultimately be canceled.so here i am , 10 days later and hundreds of dollars poorer with no tv to show for it . instead , it sits at the authorized service center ( because sharp obviously does not vet its service centers to make sure you get good service from them either ) .i 'm willing to bet all of the inventory of d6us that tigerdirect is selling at fire sale prices were produced before 4/1/2006 . check the serial number on your tv if you do order one . if it begins with a 501-512 , 601 , 602 or 603 , immediately demand a firmware upgrade from sharp ( 1-800-be-sharp ) , regardless of whether or not you 're experiencing these issues ; you will eventually , and hopefully while sharp 's warranty is still in effect for you .
i received my mp3 player with a big black spot in the middle of the screen , i sent it back and it has been 2-3 months & i havent heard anything back whether they will replace it or give me a credit
i have not been able to get this to work again . it was great for the first week , then it made my computer crash and now i can not get it installed again . i am not sure i like that
i purchased this mp3 player thinking it was a good purchase . boy was i wrong . creative labs tend to have glitches whether it be computer hardware , software , or other products like this one . now having problems with the product is one thing , but customer service is lousy and they could give a rats [ ... ] . also when i ordered seperate batteries from their online store they mentioned after i purchased their product that it was going to be delayed for an extra month . my mp3 player stopped working after 3 months , i did get it to work again . two months later the screen told me i had hardware problems . ok , so i download the drivers that is supposed to fix the problem , no go . oh , and i forgot to mention that i am working in eastern europe at the time so it makes matters even better trying to get ahold of them via phone . save yourself some frustration and get something better . iriver maybe ? just stay away from creative lab products .
i bought this mp3 player because it was just a few bucks cheaper than the ipod and i ended up paying dearly for it . it is a piece of junk that stopped working only after a couple months . the firmware decided to stop recognizing songs , albums titles , and eventually that there was even any music to listen to . now i have a 200 $ dollar mp3 player with no music on it that will not interface with my pc . customer service ? do n't count on it . so if your into extensively troubleshooting , highly frustrating , pieces of junk , this is a great product .
nice product before they decided to save a few pennies - i have purchased seven , but now it is made with out the handle - so if that was part of the atraction of this case , note that the discription says 'sturdy padded handle ' -- not ! 5 stars if it still had the handle or if you do n't need one
a virtual nightmare with set up . no help from their support staff on phones , nor online q & a . poorest choice i ever have made in a product ! ! i am a savvy computer type with network experience and this one for the books . item still sitting where i left it ... ... . , useless
this product has a known defect for serial numbers r641 and less ( see logitech website ) . i just received my amazon order and it was serial number r635 . it will be sent back tomorrow . hopefully , amazon will cleanse its inventory on its own , rather than relying on its customer base
these are some of the worst ear buds i have heard since the very first ones came out . voices are muted , highs are muddy , and lows are non-existant . the only redeeming feature is since they are marketed as `` surround sound '' ( yeah right ... ) they have an open diaphram design that allows me to wear them underneath my telephone headset and still hear my callers .
maybe mine was broken , but i do n't think so because i could see a red light at all the cable ends . i connected the splitter to my sound card , a tb montego ddl , with a 1 ' cable and then tried both a 6 ' and 30 ' cable to my stereo . no signal whatever . both the 6 ' and 30 ' cables delivered great clean signal when plugged directly into the sound card . i even used only the 6 ' and 30 ' cables in case the 1 ' was bad . still no signal.i think you need to have either a very , very , strong signal from your source to use a passive splitter like this one , or use a powered splitter .
cheap and definitely nasty - they may look nice and robust given the hardened plastic ear-cups , but after a few months light use , i lost sound through one cup then the other . in general - when placed over the ears you do get an echo effect of surrounding noise unless you actually have the noise cancelling unit turned on . the batteries seemed to last pretty long though - actually the battery i had in there lasted longer than the unit itself . very disappointing , but for the price , this is hardly unexpected
i was happy with the noise canceling features , not the best but definitely works . great for airplane rides - really helps cut out that background engine noise . my problem however with these headphones hwoever is the design - the first set i had brok near the earpiece hinge and was replaced by targus ( cheers to them ) . the second set broke too in a different place - the deisgn of these just is n't very sturdy . i 'm gentle with my stuff too , so either i had bad luck w/two defective units or they 're just not made well
it is almost impossible to get a clear picture on any channel and the sound quality is poor . buying this handheld was a big mistake
i bought one for my son at christmas and it broke after a month . it just suddenly would n't turn on . amazon was great with sending a replacement in just two days , before even getting the original back . but the replacement model `` froze up '' after just 4 days and this time i am getting a refund . to quote an e-mail from amazon regarding this product `` as it seems that the problem with this item is more widespread than we originally thought , we are not able to send another replacement . '' so , do not order one !
this would be a nice printer . if only i could get it to print ! not to mention when i turn it on it makes a god awful sound like some thing is jammed . i 've tried over and over to try to print something . i 've checked my options , turned it on and off and still it sits there not printing . if your looking for a portible printer you have other options and i suggest using them
this is just a general review , of all dvd cases . i have not found any that even come close to meeting my needs . i was stationed in germany for over 2 years , and anyone who had been there knows that afn sucks , so dvd 's is your only source of video entertainment . my collection grew to more than 400 . i have been trying to find a good case , that hold equal number of title books as it does dvd 's . but that seems to be asking to much , or the manufacturers know that by giving odd numbers , you will have to buy more of the product to support your collection properly ? ? ? ? ? then when you look at the furniture options , everything seems to be made for function , and not style at all , they are generally pressboard p.o.s 's and nothing i would want to keep in my garage ... ... ... . i hope that some of the manufacturers read this and come up with real solutions , cause there is definately a market out there that is waiting to be satisfied ! ! ! ! !
this product will not fix your disc , i tried to fix a damaged cd and it only made the problem worse . i ended up throwing away the cd and the skipdoctor . this is a poorly designed and manufactured product that does not work , i wish someone would have told me this before i spent money on it
i had a pronto neo for less than a year before the touchscreen failed after i dropped it 1.5 feet onto a hardwood floor . the unit has a very cheap feel , especially for the price . i was n't at all surprised when it stopped working . the pc software that you use to customize the touchscreen is crap . the touchscreen is very tedious to customize ( i write software for a living , and i still found it cumbersome to customize the touchscreen ) . i ca n't imagine the average consumer being able to customize this unit , given the effort that it takes to struggle with the software and to transfer the information from your pc to the remote . the whole point of the pronto neo is that you can customize the touch screen . unless you are very comfortable with computer applications , do not buy this unit . aside from the touchscreen 's fagility , is not sensitive enough to the touch and the area of the screen is too small , given the size of the remote . did i mention the batteries did not last more than 2 months ? in short , this product is crap . i might consider buying another one if it sold for $ 30 or less
whoever produced this software seems to have missed the point . there is no point in havng one vpn client on your machine that limits you to just being able to use that one client . it would be similar to , say , allowing people to just access one web site on the internet . in my case i already had two vpn clients related to work when i installed a netgear router with vpn capabilities on my home network . the vpn software from netgear stops my other vpn clients working . added to my woes i ca n't tell you how often i saw 'the blue screen of death ' during my repeated software install/de-install efforts.i am now returning both the router and the client software as this is an unusable solution
like other users have experienced , this unit is no longer functional after 18 months . the wired base is still working but the wireless range extender no longer fires up all 3 led lights . poor product netgear
i was given the ique m3 for christmas of 2005 . a few months into the new year , i dropped it onto pavement , and it broke . for $ 99 , garmin replaced it with a refurbished unit , which i consider a fair price . unfortunately , the refurb unit could n't play directions at full volume , so i returned it for another refurb . this unit fell off the windshield still in it 's cradle , and it started making that frying sound of short circuits . i called garmin and was told that if there was no obvious damage to the unit , they 'd look at it under warranty . i had told the guy what happened , so i was pleasantly surprised ; they did , in fact , replace it.under all circumstances , the report you get back says the returned unit was `` within specifications '' ( or words to that effect ) , even though clearly not . i have no idea why . units will be returned with new software keys to enter , and the software will begin urging you to register , even though you already have.for some , the mapping software on the m3 will appear crippled . it is a basic drive from here to there unit . it does not allow you to load way-points , points of interest , and the like.each of the units had quirks . on the first one , every time i inserted the sd card with maps , windows player ( or whatever it 's called ) would start up and ask me if i wanted to search the card for tunes . the second one had inaudible volume . the fourth one has a problem common to the first one : the brightness resets itself randomly to zero . yep , zero . the first one left the powered brightness full on , so you could give power and see to reset the battery brightness to half on , but this one resets them both to zero . so you may think the unit is not turning on , but it 's on . you just ca n't see anything on the screen . if you 're outside , you can put it in the sun and see dimly enough to navigate to the brightness setting , but if it 's dark , you need a flashlight.the current one will do a hard reset if i start the car with the unit plugged into the lighter and sometimes when i put it in the cradle . this means i have to do the full new user routine . touch the screen on the little plus signs to register the touch screen . press and hold to learn again how to copy . press and hold to learn again how to paste . reset the time from olathe , kansas , to where i live . all contacts , notes , calendars , and other information is lost . all preferences are gone . after i 've gone through the restart routine , the unit will then find the satellites and get me where i 'm going , but i ca n't load destinations from contacts , as they 're gone , so i have to type them all in by hand.if the battery runs out of juice , the unit is dead . it forgets everything , and i have to touch the screen where the plus signs are to register the screen . press and hold to learn again how to copy . press and hold to learn again how to paste . reset the time from olathe , kansas , to where i live . all contacts , notes , calendars , and other information is lost . all preferences are gone.i complained about this to support at garmin , and i was assured this is a microsoft feature and that garmin can do nothing about it . they recommended that i buy a program from one of several vendors that backs up the data to an sd card where it will not be lost . so now i carry a card with my detailed maps and a card with my backup data . i did learn , though , that if the battery runs down , the backup program is lost , so you ca n't retrieve your data from the backup sd card unless you have told the program to save as self-extracting archives . i learned it the hard way , of course.to restore , i pop out the detailed maps sd card , insert the backup card , navigate to the file explorer , navigate to the sd card , open the contents of the sd card , select the latest back up , click through the restore procedure , click to ok that it has finished ( just a minute or two with my small amount of data ) , click to restart , wait a long time for it to restart , tap to get past the owner data screen , enter the password , then pop the restore card out , reinstall the map card , wait while it reads it , then i 'm good to go . i ca n't do it while i 'm driving , of course , so if the unit resets on its own , i just go with the complete lack of contacts and without the unit knowing where `` home '' is , which means i have to type it or other locations into the where to dialogue.the unit defaults to 3d directions instead of north is always up , which is confusing for me as i ca n't look at the screen and out my window and make immediate sense of where i am vis-a-vis the map . i 'm sure this is my shortcoming , and i then have to remember how to navigate the menu to the setting for north is up , which i ca n't do while driving . it also defaults to different displays for day and night . the night display uses a dark background , and i have found that the menus for the windows programs use a transparent background with black text . so i ca n't read the menu selections against the dark display . and the unit will not save my preference for using day at all times if i lose power or the unit resets when i start the car or sometimes when i put it in the cradle.on the contacts database , the unit assumes all phone numbers start with the area code to olathe , kansas . it also formats all numbers as us numbers . i have a few overseas numbers , and they are crammed into the ( xxx ) xxx-xxxx format , even though they are longer and do n't start with an area code.in the calendar , if i have meetings scheduled outside my time zone , i enter them at the time they 're scheduled . then when i get there , i have the option of choosing the visited time zone , and all the times are screwed up , as the unit assumes all times entered are for my original time zone . so i never use the visited time zone feature , and the unit assumes i 'm still in my home zone wherever i may travel.i have not found a way to have it tell me how to get to places that have no street address , but for which i have the lat/long coordinates . i camp in places that are off main roads and trying to move the map around gets to be burdensome at the scale necessary to show unpaved roads - i quickly lose where i am and have to zoom out , which loses the road . on the whole , the directions part of the m3 is excellent . it gives good directions , has reasonably up to date maps , and lets you find stores , restaurants , gas stations , hotels , and the like in your area , and it provides addresses and phone numbers so you can call ahead for information and reservations . on the whole , using the device is too aggravating to make it a keeper . after a year of use , i ca n't put up with it anymore . i 'll take garmin 's word that this is all a shortcoming of windows mobile and not garmin 's fault , but i ca n't put up with it anymore . i 'll switch to magellan or tomtom or some other unit that is n't windows-based and that does n't completely lose its mind when the battery runs down , does n't randomly do a hard reset , does n't randomly set the brightness to zero , and does n't assume all phone numbers start with the area code to olathe , kansas . maybe another manufacturer will let me import pois and way-points from other people 's files
do n't waste your money ! i have directv with hd ( 5 lnb ) and the signal was low . signal was less than 60 % for some of the transponder signals which caused a choppy picture or no picture while watching hd . so i bought these to amplify my satellite signal . they actually attenuated the signal . the signal strength was n't improved on the non hd receivers that i have as well . it did n't matter where i put them in relation to the dish and receiver .
the headphones sound great -- no arguement there . however , i was removing the plastic tips ( which need to be changed every several months ) and the headphones broke . the company has only a one-year warranty so i was out-of-luck . again , i thought the sound was great , but for this price i would expect them to be more durable ... i was hardly touching them when they broke off.also , the earpiece can be a bit uncomfortable at times
just received radio yesterday , and am returning radio today ! pluses ... . adequate lcd display and good illumination while on ac adapter . good thumbwheel tuning in 1 khz increments . adequate speaker fidelity for small radio . however , the volume slew buttons have set `` numbered '' volume levels , and between settings of 5-6 , there is a big noticeable increase in volume ( not good ) , and while tuning shortwave bands , every approx 100khz increment , there appears to be a `` null '' area , where signal meter reads a signal received , but quiet speaker . also , on fm , if hands are near the radio , the signal breaks up ( for weaker signals , not strong ones ) , and compared to my grundig 400-pe , which i feel the sensitivity is not good and the hiss is bothersome , the eton e-5 seems worse still ! ! ! i am returning this today , and obtaining the sony 7600gr instead . eton e-5 , not bad , but certainly not worth 3 stars or above , especially , if comparing it to another similar size radio , and then comparing it to my sony 2010 .
this item is an all around piece of garbage . after about 3 months of light use , it is stuck in 45 rpm mode . i sometimes use my thumb to slow down the player to 33 rpm mode . do n't buy this piece of garbage , unless you like owning garbage , in which case this is right your alley , the garbage alley . i would n't even give this to a bum , because i would feel bad about it .
did not work - never clickedno tech supportwaste of good mone
after buying this product , i opened the case after few days , as i was out of country , to use this memory stick in my camera or other devices . however every time i put it in the camera or other devices , it gives error and does n't work . i could n't use this memory stick since i bought it and as i opened the box almost 15 days after the receipt , i am not sure how i can even return it back either . basically not at all happy with the product at this time
the light makes my computer very sluggish , even when my laptop is not running off of the battery . browsing the internet , especially , is painfully slow , and i am on a high-speed cable connection
after owning a p-touch labeler for years , i found the need for a more duable label than my `` m '' tape was providing . i opted for this `` tz '' tape labeler . good price , looks good . what a mistake ! ! ! the only thing well designed about this unit is it 's abilty to waste more tape than it uses ! ! if you print a label of any size , count on it costing you two full inches of tape to do it ! ! ! at $ 20.00 a roll , prepare to be screwed each time you push the print button.then go find the scissors and cut the excess off , so the label does not look as stupid as the person who designed this pile of junk ! ! ! but cheer up you can push six buttons , every time , to reduce the margin to `` narrow '' . this will reduce the waste to a half inch on one side of the label , and print two small dots on the other side , this will show you where to cut it with your scissors , to match the `` narrow '' side . also you must do all settings for every label every time ! ! another `` great feature , it will use the same amount of tape regaurdless of print size , so you will only print large print.what a joke ! ! ! what a hassle ! ! now the good news . i used to make lots of labels , and now i only make labels for very important items . and only when i am up to getting mad for doing so . i really wish amazon would allow us to give items a negative five stars ! you have been warned
we bought this phone two years ago . while the phone is pretty easy to use and has nice features ( i 've especially enjoyed the handsfree function on the handsets ) , we 've found it to be extremely unreliable . the problems we 've had are listed below : *very short battery life for the handsets*the screen on one of our handsets blanked out after only several months of use*the handsets go `` out of range '' when one takes them only a modest distance from the base ( even though we have the base in the middle of our house , the handsets do n't work at the ends -- and our house is not that big ) *the handsets randomly become `` unregistered '' from the base and have to be reset ( this has only become a problem in the past month ) the issues we 've had with this phone have frustrated us so much that we are now shopping for a new phone -- usually we 'd expect such a purchase to last longer than two years
i bought this phone for the great features and because i 've had good luck with other motorola products . the phones and answering machine are easy to set up but that is about the only redeeming quality that they have . the handsets frequently lose connection with the base unit . the only way to get them working again is to unplug and then replug the power to the base unit which loses the answering machine settings . range on the handsets is only mediocre , i ca n't talk in the far corners of the house even with the base centrally located . also , battery life is very limited . overall the phones are very disappointing and i would definitely recommend not buying them .
purchased md761 and 4 ea md71 for throughout house because patricia ( wife ) in wheelchair and on oxygen 24/7 . she could beep all phones in emergency and i would hear . first- sound terrible , second- after 1 month most phones good for less than 10 minutes usage and constantly dropping calls , third- phones quite often in 'searching ' mode when picked up for use . entered house to find wife unconcious and not breathing . started cpr and reached for phone to call 911 . phone in base beside her wassearching ! ! ! ! ! ! ! stopped cpr and ran to another room for different brand phone and called 911 . resumed cpr . patricia died in spite of my and 911 personnel 's efforts . looking for someone i hate to give these 5 phones , my last motorola product
it did n't match the acoustic wave player i bought . there should have been also two outdoor speakers , as a promotion for buying both pieces.the page , from which i ordered both pieces , was unclear , and i received the cd player with the wrong cd changer . i had to return the changer and buy the one that matched the player . ( i know i 'll be refunded the price of the first changer ) . but by then , the promotion they were having for the outdoor speakers had finished . i received the real changer a few days later , but lost the speakers . i think amazon owes me the speakers , which is what the bad page made me miss
in general i 've been happy with belkin accessories , but this cable is the pits . it lasted less than a month ! i used it to connect my hd/dvr cable box to my receiver . no crimps , kinks , or undue stress on it , but within 30 days my audio went from spotty to noticeable gaps to nonexistent.i do n't like to support the monster cable hype , but because of their lifetime warranty i bought their cable to replace this one . so far no problems
bought 4 ! they do n't work . the batteries do not last . we are trying to return them
after using these radios two months i can say that battery life is poor.a full charge does n't hold three hours.perhaps my batteries did n't come in good condition . i did n't use them on aaa yet ... 10 mile range is not true in a normal environment , open sea or desert perhaps.product works fine while battery las
after receiving this drum which was listed as having a 25,000 yield capacity , on 12/11/06 ... .today 1/15/07 my printer is giving me the same error message `` drum near end '' there was no indication when i purchased this product that it would be refurbished..i certainly have not printed 25,000 copies ...
the transmitter works but it is of low quality the sound has static that is always there no matter what you do
i knew better , but i did it anyway , thinking that it would be a good compromise ( we have ibm , dell , and toshiba laptops and a sony really nice monitor ) . no modem port ( not a surprise , but would have been nice ) , the video display is , well , you can see stuff on the monitor . one of the usb ports is n't reliable . i could go on , but you get the picture . do n't bother
every other negative review here is accurate . the video connection is horrible . the mouse runs on a delay of 1-2 seconds and is unacceptable . try the competing kensington product instead . it 's more expensive , but it works . i switched to it and all my components work just as though they were plugged in directly - in short , as advertised and expected
i tried 3 of these dvd+rs , none of them worked , errors in every burn . i used another brand to burn the session and it worked perfectly , so it is definately a problem with these dvd+rs and not with my burner
i 've come to expect a decent level of quality when i buy a microsoft product but this mouse seemed like it was just some generic rebaged mouse . the main problem is when it is on a slightly uneven surface , and i mean very slight or on one that is too shiny the laser wo n't track right . i had to open the thing up and shave down part of the optics assembly becuase whoever designed it did n't test it well enough . unless your willing to do that skip this one , it is not of the same quality as the first generation microsoft optical mice . i know everyone is doing what they can to cut costs but at a certain point your robbing peter to pay paul . but then again you do get what you pay for :
bought it for my nokia n80 and it does n't work ... typical ! should n't have bought a generic memory ! ! serves me right ! anyway..
i purchased this product and could n't get it to work on a pc , laptop , or pda ( cingular 8125 ) . not only does it not register in any sd/minisd card reader , but the craftsmanship appears to be suspect as well . i am currently pursuing a refund
i bought this adapter because i could use the cable that came with ipod , ( one fewer thing to carry ) . well , about six months after opening this item , i noticed that my ipod was running on battery . one of the contacts had broken , and the device was not working anymore . i am disappointed , but should have expected that for the $ 10 i spent .
the principal benefit of this product is in the valuable lesson it teaches not to buy the lowest price item without first taking a good look at the product reviews . i was never able to get the card to do anything . i tried removing and reinstalling the drivers . i tried getting assistance through the web site . i tried contacting the manufacturer and they never returned my phone call . i 've decided to cut my losses and buy a different card
wristpad seemed to comeunglued far to soon to be considered normal wear , and mousing surface was dificult to clean it hold onto the dirt with its textured surface.i just couldnt suggest anyone else spent $ 15 on a mousepad that isnt going to last them
i put this cover on immediately after i opened my ipod after reading how easy they are to scratch . i 've never had my ipod without the cover on it and have had it 3 weeks . i now have an ipod covered with distracting scratches on the screen . save your money . this case is junk
have a second generation ipod ? if so , this is not the product for you . after buying my new green ipod i needed something to protect it , so i bought the `` speck nano skintight delux with holster . '' it just did n't fit it . i tried , but the only way to fix it was to cut part of it off : do n't do this . i sugest making sure the product detail includes the `` second generation .
do not order this item , if you want a dvd player with a 5 inch screen . this item is not as pictured . you will receive a small orange colored player with a 3.5 inch screen
we had this printer less than 6 months before the cartridge slider began to jam . we would get an error message , and then would have to reset the printer and reboot the computer to get it to work for a short while . we finally ended up sending back the printer on their exchange program , after i had to ask to speak to a supervisor . ( the tech support wanted us to install a free ink cartridge when i had already installed several before contacting them ) we have had the replacement printer less than two months and are already experiencing problems again . the ink cartridge is pooling ink under the cartridge rest area in a very heavy amount , and the cartridge slider again has begun to jam . tech support has had us clean the plastic tape that pulls the cartridge carrier back and forth , and for now the unit is working . we still have n't addressed the excessive ink leak which probably has something to do with the jamming problem . i hope hp reviews comments on this website occasionally . i would like them to know i have believed in their printers and used them successfully for years , but my latest experience has caused me to reexamine that position . also , hp tech support is very difficult to deal with at best . i talked to several overseas tech support reps that spoke almost unintelligible english . i am one consumer willing to pay a little more for a product that is well supported . hp are you listening
easy setup , but who cares , when the end result is a very slow video . sort of reminded me of jim carey in the movie `` the mask '' . when he whips his head from side to side and you see the `` blur '' , that 's what you see with this webcam ! do n't waste your money . i 'm sending it back tomorrow !
this sucker could n't pick up a single channel ; not even one less than 10 miles away . i live in a fairly open area
the case looks great and fits well , but it 's nearly impossible to remove . i had to insert a credit card between the latches and pry for a long time . i was afraid of hurting both the case and the ipod . in addition , it 's too wide in the case to dock in my logitech speaker system . i might have considered keeping it if i could have just snapped the case off for docking
although the rs receiver does n't have tv reception ( who cares ) , it is 1/2 the price , pll digital , 3 '' speaker , dx/loc switch , andprobably much better quality..
bought it for my wife - the pink just did n't match anything in my wardrobe ... she uses her player for the gym , and treats it somewhat rough . this `` case '' does n't protect the screen from scratches ( see most other reviews ) , but it has n't fallen off while she 's worn it , either . about 1/2 useful , really.on the other hand ... .it was cheap , right ? right ?
the only drawback to this case is there is no screen protection . it is nice that it has a clip , and it fits the mp3 player snugly , but ... would be nice if it has a clear `` window '' to protect the screen
according to sysinternal 's process explorer , both hwi ( hardware interrupts ) and dpc ( deferred procedure calls ) tend to run to 3 % -40 % each while this card is installed ; both drop to under 1 % once it 's removed . both remain under 1 % while using another manufacturer 's ( usb-based ) 802.11/b wifi adapter . i 'm given to understand that such high hwi and dpc rates often indicate buggy drivers , but i 've found no useful driver update info on d-link 's web site , last i looked . that other /b adapter , btw , gives better throughput than this /b/g card of d-link 's
does not consistently work ! i have a toshiba a15 ( win xp pro ) and sometimes this works , but usually it does n't . lately , it either works perfectly or it gives me a blue screen error and restarts the computer . it used to have problems where i would restart the computer and it would say card not found , which forced me to reload the driver . but lately it 's just been giving me a blue screen . i have used pcmcia cards before and never once had any issues.d-link needs to support their faulty product with a new driver ! bad customer service ! i will never buy a d-link product again ! !
i bought this mouse while on the road when i forgot my microsoft wireless mouse . i do not have the original packaging otherwise i would have taken in back . the usb receiver is hard to get out of its cradle in the back , i often have to pry it out with a coin or a credit card . after a week of use the mouse started to wig-out . erratic movement etc . if the mouse is left unattended for any length of time i can not seem to wake it up with any of the buttons . the only thing that works is using the wheel to scroll . the really bad part is that it seems to behave this way until i unplug the receiver . i thought this was because i was using a mac , i experienced the same behavior on my pc as well . i 'm going to throw this away since i would not wish it on my enemy
this item was not practical . it looked good but not being able to zip the sides all the way down because of the cute water bottles was not very functional
overall this item works as expected , but requires to be reset ( i.e . cycle the power ) once every 24-48 hours.i will be replacing it with another model
the ends are comming off this cable does n't meet the normal belkin standards
we got the hdmi cables , but we are not sure whether it is the same as the ones on the website . the cables come without any packaging , and there is no indication anywhere that they are the same brand name items advertised on the website.we have not yet used the cables yet , and we 're not sure whether they will work or not
ever since i loaded the targus drivers on my tungsten c , the battery discharges quickly and wo n't take a full charge.i 've removed the driver , with no change . the next step was to do a hard reset of the tungsten c and i 'm hoping it will take charge.i 'm taking this keyboard back for a full refund
it worked ok for 2 months , but the kb kept on falling off . when i complained , i was told that the kb was not compatible with my viewsonic v37 . yet , it was advertised as compatible with the vs ppc 2002 . the worse came when i upgraded to ppc2003 and the kb stopped working . i contacted targus and was told that they do not have plans for upgrading their kb drivers for this vs ppc . i do not believe that this should be permitted . if you sell something , stand behind it . very disappointing
works fine on windows xp , but does not work well with linux . i 've been using linux for at least 10 years and compiling my own kernels for most of that time , and still had issues getting this card to run under linux . my built in 10/100 nic was much faster than this card would go . ended up getting an intel gigabit card that , of course , works with no issues . save yourself some headaches and stay away from this card if it is destined for a linux box .
i just bought these to compare to my pair of v20s , and they just suck in comparison.the bass is non existent in comparison , and the highs and mids sound absolutely tinny . any sort of equilizer work resulted in immediate distortion . i 'm usually a fan of altec lansing products , but ... these look nice and are compact , but the sound is not good , at all . the fact that they are more expensive than the competition is just appalling ...
i did not notice in the product description that this product interfaces to the serial port on a computer . since most new computers use usb for serial interface , the usefulness of this unit is limited . my two newly purchased hp computers do not have an interface that is compatible with this product.i would not have bought it had i known this . i have not used the gps since i bought it . it will probably be tossed out.the serial cable is hidden behind cardboard in the clamshell package . so you do n't see it prior to opening the package . once the package is opened it is a mess that probably can not be returned.lastly , this is one of the worst packaging jobs i have seen . the plastic clamshell is so hard to open that i think the customer is in danger being cut by the opening knife or scissors . the cut plastic is also dangerous
i have this radio and it 's a pos . remote is n't very responsive and the display is waaaay too bright ( will keep you from sleeping if you are a normal person ) and the user interface is terrible . the thing gets lousy reception and in general , there is a reason why this is always the lower priced ipod type radio on websites . they are trying to get rid of it because it s_cks ! ! ! ! ! !
i bought this alarm clock today ( april 7 , 2007 ) at bed , bath and beyond for $ 10 . i wish i had seen the reviews first . i bought it because of the product name , small size and variety of options . unfortunately , i realized it was n't a great buy when i brought it home ... and spent a few hours trying to keep the battery in a certain position so the clock would stay on . the connections appear to be very sensitive and the battery does n't stay in place . the clock light is pointless . it 's supposed to help you see the time in the dark , but unless you have the clock at a certain angle everything will appear blurry . actually , the screen is blurry in most positions even with the light off . as for the alarm , it 's pretty quiet . if you 're a sound sleeper or live in a noisy environment , this is not the clock for you . you 'll only hear the alarm if you sleep with it under your ear . a final note on this product : the clock has been on for almost an hour without any problems ... but only with the battery cover slightly open . if i close the cover all the way , the clock shuts off . if you want an alarm clock that will last awhile , i suggest buying something else . you get less than you pay for with this model .
i wanted to convert an hp laserjet 4 plus to a networked printer . even though instructions from the manual was followed , the printer did not work . the customer support is claimed to be 24/7 , but no one has closed my help desk ticket yet . this product cost more than a linksys router . so customers can naturally expect better customer service and better response time
i had a 1gb titanium sandisk cruzer at work fail . i tried several times to contact sandisk , including through the selling vendor with absolutely no response.my wife 's cruzer just failed as well ( the power light comes on , it is recognized by xp , and the light goes out , the system ca n't id the device , so it 's useless . it does the same thing on all of the xp systems in our house ) . i 've tried front side usb connections , rear connections and hub connections . no dice . i 'll never buy another sandisk cruzer . and i was going to order another 100 for the office . their loss
sure these floppy 's are inexpensive ... they arrived on time ... thanks amazon ! ! ! ! ! but the photo does n't give it any credit ... these do n't come with a plastic carrying case like the photo ... just a crappy cardboard box ! come on guys ... .wheres the plastic case for these things , now they will be flopping all over the place in my desk drawers etc
i ordered this item because it was the lowest priced of three remarkably similar devices ( all had the same description and specs ) . it worked for about 2 weeks , and then quit . a friend with the same device suggested checking the wire connection inside the cassette , which had come loose . since then it has come loose twice more , so i just do n't use it anymore . when it worked , it worked fine , but it is at best an inexpensive and temporary solution
i just purchased this item - now i 'm planning to return it tomorrow . one of the advertised features , the ability to store liner notes just does n't work properly . they just do n't into the pocket without bending and/or forcing them in . to me , the liner notes have value and i 'm not willing to fold , spindle , or otherwise mutilate them to fit them into the wallet
as soon as i received this radio i tried it out by turning it on and pulling the built in antenna up . the base felt flimsy and after a few tries the antenna base broke inside the radio . i am looking to return this item as it is not designed right . i can not comment on the reception as the antenna is broken ! overall , it 's a nice looking unit but they cheaped out on the materials .
machine started making loud grinding noises when started or while printing . showed it to a repair shop , says the fuser is a toast . replacement cost part and labor $ 300 . died just after one year so have to bear the expense . poor design/quality . beware , i searched the web and looks like i am not the only one with this problem
our mfc - 8840dn worked fine until a paper jam inside the machine caused damage that could n't be fixed by the sales technician . lots of waiting for a response from brother at their call in website . they waited out the warrenty . will never buy from brother or amazon again as a result of this
the buttons do n't have that clicky button feel , so you press and you 're like `` did it go ? `` ... the labels are hard to read , icons take a little figuring out . honestly i use it for turning on/off , and if i want to do anything else i go up to the ihome to adjust it .
my first and main complaint about this product is that it does not fit the 60gb ipod video . the 60gb model is thicker than the 30gb , and this case wo n't close around the 60gb ipod . a secondary complaint is that , though the case is sturdy and the foam lining will adequately protect a 30gb ipod from shocks , there is no protection for the screen . it 's just a hole in the case ( like the hole for using the wheel ) , and i just require more protection for my video ipod . a third ( minor ) complaint is that there 's a non-removable knob on the back of the case , for attaching the belt clip , and the knob makes it uncomfortable in a shirt or pants pocket . i 'm returning mine for all of these reasons and going with a clear hard plastic case that protects the screen , too
i live in washington dc , so i generally get a signal when outdoors . using these headphones did not yield an increased signal for me
bought these to use with the xm myfi . they are not comfortable to use . they put pressure on your ears . now the good news , they do get decent reception , i tried them in my office in nyc which has a northern exposure and it got good reception
i , too , experienced the `` blue screen of death '' on my laptop which has xp pro on it . i had to uninstall the card software in order to stop my system from continuously rebooting . on another note , the install of the router was great , regardless . i did n't get anywhere with the tech support group and had to return everything.anthon
this picturemate has been a total disaster . after printing just a few pictures the color on the photo turns to pink and yellow . put in a new cartridge and it will work for a few photos and then the color turns funny again . not only does it not print many photos with a true color image , but it is slow and the cartridge runs out of ink after a couple dozen photos . do not waste your money on this product
this printer has been a piece of garbage since the day i bought it . i do n't know why i kept trying , as the purchase was made about a year ago . it should have been thrown it in the trash long ago and i would have cut my losses ( instead i did buy one more package of paper and ink . mistake . ) i have never gotten more than one picture in a row without an error message , turning the printer off , turning it back on , doing that several times , and finally maybe getting it to print two pictures in the same day . now it says the cartridge should be replaced , when about 20 minutes earlier it told me there were approximately 56 pictures left in the cartridge ( and i have not printed anywhere near 44 pictures , which would add up to the claim of 100 per cartridge . i have printed about 6 . ) the ironic thing is , the handful of pictures that have printed correctly have been beautiful . the one that i printed today was perfect . but several tries to print one more picture were a waste of about two hours . this is the last time i try to use the printer , it is finally going in the trash
i purchased one ( from a local store not amazon.com ) , brought it home and printed a photograph that i had previously printed on a kodak easyshare printer ( my mother-in-law 's ) . the resulting photograp was horrible , it had a very green tint to it . i then adjusted the various enhancement controls within the printer , the green tint remained . i checked the troubleshooting section of the manual , checked/cleaned the print heads , and still the problem remained . given that the product is still on the market , i suspect i had a broken unit.i did not like the lcd , it is very hard to read . i adjusted the contrast but it did not help . [ ... ]
i have only had the batteries for a short time , but they are working great . i have recharged all three sets `` 4 per set '' three times each . ( that 's what taks to run my canon powershots2/i2 camera ) all good news.i take a lot of pictures and i need 3 sets to keep me going for about 6 hours.but i know that i need another 3 sets to really keep me in the field for the day . i do alot of back packing and long walks on the beaches.these batteries are really good they have never let me down as of yet , that 's why i will be getting more . all i can really say is byem
it says it 's an a/v dock for video ipods but it only would transmit audio to my tv . i 'm really pissed about this product.what a waste ! a/v cables that sell for 20 $ are incredible . they sinply plug into the headphone jack of my 80 gig ipod and into the a/v inputs of my tv
i was very disappointed when i received this to see that it was simply a package of two cables . cables that you can pick up at radio shack for much cheaper . just ridiculous . the airport express itself is fantastic , but skip this accessory and go to your local radio shack for the mini-rca cable , and a quick search online for the optical to mini
i dont like this mouse , i brought , and never work , its useles
klear screen has to be the absolute worst product i 've ever used . it has nearly ruined my 2001fp . i was stupid and used it on my primary display first , instead of using the 50/50 isopropyl alcohol/water mix that 's far superior to klear screen products . my lcd now has cloudy areas and streaks that simply will not come out . my 3 year old laptop 's display looks nearly perfect because i only used the 50/50 solution on it , my 2001fp looks horrible now .
this remote controller was quite a dissapointment . i am using two other philips/magnavox remotes that are far more convenient and operate better . this one does not look like the picture ( which looks more like the 425 model ) . it does not cover the equipment i have ( while the 425 model does ) , it 's learning mode is flaky and unreliable , to say the least . the range is shorter then that of the 425s . conclusion : this would make for a nice ornament ( it does look nice , and , if you are lucky you may be able to control some devices .
i bought this product to replace a previous hp all-in-one printer i had . this is by far the worst printer i have ever owned . it does not like photo paper , it is unreliable and it goes through ink quickly as the cartridges are tiny and overpriced . do yourself a favor - do n't buy this product ! ! !
merchandise returned to vendor by shipper as damaged in shipment . cancelled order ! !
the only good thing i can say is the print quality is fine and the wireless network works . but ... software installation is long and tedious ( and took three times on one laptop to get to work ) . installed drivers cause my pc to take 45+ seconds longer to boot and sometimes ( about 30 % ) stop the shut-down sequence ( i have to click `` end '' in a dialogue box ) . the ink runs out ( even the big black one ) amazingly quickly and replacements are $ 54 at costco . it seems you got ta get only hp cartridges , as third-party cartridges fail . i 'll never buy another hp printer
this unit replaced my old aio 7410 , which i loved . this one just feels cheap . the construction is cheap , parts are loose , and it feels like a child 's toy , not an office tool . given the choice , i would not buy another one
i dont like this mouse , i brought , and never work , its useles
they listed the 49x and they shipped the 49a ( standard capacity ) , so like everyone else who bought this product , it is really the standard capacity toner that you are going to get . you may get it at a lower cost elsewhere check around ... .
looks and feels nice . but when dropped on concrete or ceramic floors ir will snap . both broke the same way within a few weeks . i 'm looking for the original all-plastic stylus
the leather case works great . easy access to buttons , space for business cards and sd cards . ah ! ... the smell ... leather . five stars
the uno 's midi input did not work with my roland a-37 midi controller keyboard , even after downloading the latest drivers . using cakewalk ( home studio 4 running on a compaq v2000 laptop ) to record and view the individual midi events , i could see that some of the note-off messages had been improperly decoded by the uno as note c-zero . this caused those notes to ring indefinitely and caused an ultra-low note to sound ... very unpleasant and obviously unusable.the midi output did work fine driving my roland fantom xr and roland jv-1010 with no problems.after reading another uno & a-37 user 's identical problem ( on amazon ) , i returned the uno and purchased an edirol ( roland ) ua-25 audio/midi interface . it works perfectly with all of my equipment including the a-37
the shape conforms perfectly to the designer 's hands , but unless you share the same dna , i 'd avoid this product . i 've used many of these over the years and this is the only one i struggled with . constantly shifting it to get it 's high and low points in a place that was tolerable . i finally reversed it , pointing it towards me and it worked a little better . this just needs to be a simple pad . instead , they 've overdesigned it as a gimmick .
i do n't even use it anymore , did n't think it was that great . i got a gel rest from fellows , a lot better ...
i purchased the 8gb creative zen v plus player during the first week in february . i am returning it and this is why : the package arrived from amazon . i loaded up the software on my computer , then hooked up the player through the usb cord . i let it charge for 6 hours like the instructions state . then i proceeded to load some of my music onto the player . so after the music was loaded , i disconnected the player from the usb cable and started to listen to the music . the sound quality was good , the player is easy to navigate in the menus , etc ... the problem was about half the music i uploaded was not on the player . i could see the folder and menu option for the artist or genre but the actual file was not there . so i plugged the player back into the usb cord , and pulled up the file location on the player through the computer . the file was there and i could play it just fine through windows media player . i tried to access it again through the player and it was not there . then i accessed through the computer just fine . all my songs , all 4,500 of them , are in mp3 format from 56kps for my audio books to 192kps for the songs i ripped from cd 's . the player just would n't read about half my songs . there was really no rhyme or reason on whish songs it would recognize . i would load an entire album of 15 songs and i could only play 6 or 7 tracks . this happened with my entire music collection . so i thought maybe the firmware was out of date so i uploaded all the updates from creative which did include a firmware update . it did not solve the problem . i then uploaded some of the same songs that would not play on the zen v plus onto my 3 year old rio and original ipod shuffle and they played just fine . i was frustrated at this point so i called the creative customer service . it is strange because they do not post the number for there company anywhere on there website and now i understand why . they have the worst customer service/tech department of any computer/electronic company i have ever spoke with . after three calls , never speaking to someone who i could fully understand as english was definitely not a first language , more like a 3rd or 4th language , i arrived nowhere . they kept telling me they were emailing document to me on how to resolve the problem . no email ever came , checked the junk folder and every other possible place . so i tried a fourth call . this guy basically called me stupid from what i could understand , saying `` i ca n't believe you americans '' and then mumbled something in another language . i asked for a supervisor . he told me that he would escalate my call and someone would call me in 2-3 days . then he hung up . i was really amazed that a company would treat its customers in this nature . they really have to respect for there customers and do not want to help them in any way . so i am returning the creative zen v plus player and i also do n't plan on buying anything from creative again . by the way , after all this , the problem never was fixed . also , when doing research on this product , i came across a couple articles and reviews that stated this player would play divx files . this is not true . this player will not play any files without being converted first . i took an avi video that was 100mb and it converted it into a 1.2gb file . the format they use is absolutely a waste of space . if you want to upload an entire movie on mpeg or avi format , it will end up taking the entire 8gb of space if not more . i converted the movie cars for my son on a short road trip thinking i could have my music plus his movie . i was wrong , the movie took up 7.1gb after being converted.i would not recommend this product to anyone . as much as i do n't like the ipod , i would recommend it over the zen v plus because : 1 . it plays all my music 2 . they have a customer service/tech support that helps you and cares about its customers.i hope this helps anyone looking at this player.jeff
i am on my 2nd unit and both lockup after a short time . neither the remote nor the front buttons will work when it locks up . you have to unplug it and leave it unplugged for at least 5 minutes - maybe longer . it works good when it is working
would of been great to receive so i could of gotten some use of i
i agree with the other review , sony brand vhs tapes have begun a steady decline in quality over the past years . as a almost life long user of sony premium grade tapes , i have begun to notice a sharp drop in the picture and sound quality i get when i record , even off my dish . the picture is never up to snuff with what i see when i watch the show as it is being recorded . for the past two years , i have been able to notice the differences when i am watching something on a sony tape , the flaws have become to big to ignore . i will be buying tdk from now on , and i suggest you do the same . sony used to make a great vhs tape , but i guess they are concentrating now on making more playstations
this memory did not work . still have yet to receive refund from seller
we ordered this case/auto mount for our philips pet710 7 '' widescreen portable dvd player because it was the one recommended by amazon . i needed the auto mount for long car rides with my toddler . i eventually got this thing to work ( failure was not an option if you get my drift ) , but it has a number of drawbacks.-in order to mount it , you have to remove the top half ( huh ? ) . having two parts makes it harder to install and easier to lose . i accidentally left the top part on the top of the car when i drove away.-it 's too small . the philips portable dvd player is too long for the case and the headphones and car/ac converters also pull the player out of the case . plus ( and this is really amazing ) , it does not have enough space to hold the most basic accessories that came with the dvd player . i have to carry the headphones and sleaved dvds seperately ! i chose my last dvd player b/c it came with an auto mount case , and even though i like the philips dvd player , i 'd do that again if i had it to do over . having the right case/mount for your dvd player is that key
what were they thinking ? or are they thinking at all ? sonic stage is a piece of crap . it freezes , hangs and very very user friendly ? ? ? ? since you need their software to load the music , i would stay away from this player as far away as possible . pros : nice sound quality . cons : everything else . my recommendation is go for creative usb players . it 's very good quality and better battary life . with creative players , you just drag and drop files and you done with it.i see why sony is failing in mp3 players market
the software to this mp3 player made it too much work . anything that freezes up my computer has to go . here 's my experience.i purchased this player on february 23rd and returned it to the store on march 8th . i was somewhat apprehensive from the beginning about the software but decided to give it a try . i installed the software with no problem , but found the media player to be cumbersome compared to other media players . i just did n't like the look of it or how it categorized the music files . i did download some music and other audio files and the player worked just fine . it had a very nice sound , easy to use and wonderful to carry around . i listened to it quite a bit and the battery stayed almost at a full charge.fast foward week 2i wanted to delete some files and add some new ones . i opened up the media player and did the exact same thing as i did at first . first , the program began running really slow and then froze . i ctr/alt delete and started over . it worked for a second and then froze again . i rebooted and it did the same thing . i came back to it the next day and it did it again . i uninstalled it ( so i thought ) , and it continued to freeze . it does n't completely uninstall off of your computer . i know this because i did n't have to `` re-authorize '' my computer to use it again . i had to manually go in and find it and remove it from my computer . there are lots of hidden files.in conclusion , had it not been for my experience with the software i would have kept the player .
i have used this type of inexpensive wireless mic before and the others i tried had much better sensitivity . you have to touch this mic with your lips to be herd . there are better choices even in this price range
i purchased the 8gb creative zen v plus player during the first week in february . today , march 6th , i am returning it and this is why : the package arrived from amazon . i loaded up the software on my computer , then hooked up the player through the usb cord . i let it charge for 6 hours like the instructions state . then i proceeded to load some of my music onto the player . so after the music was loaded , i disconnected the player from the usb cable and started to listen to the music . the sound quality was good , the player is easy to navigate in the menus , etc ... the problem was about half the music i uploaded was not on the player . i could see the folder and menu option for the artist or genre but the actual file was not there . so i plugged the player back into the usb cord , and pulled up the file location on the player through the computer . the file was there and i could play it just fine through windows media player . i tried to access it again through the player and it was not there . then i accessed through the computer just fine . all my songs , all 4,500 of them , are in mp3 format from 56kps for my audio books to 192kps for the songs i ripped from cd 's . the player just would n't read about half my songs . there was really no rhyme or reason on whish songs it would recognize . i would load an entire album of 15 songs and i could only play 6 or 7 tracks . this happened with my entire music collection . so i thought maybe the firmware was out of date so i uploaded all the updates from creative which did include a firmware update . it did not solve the problem . i then uploaded some of the same songs that would not play on the zen v plus onto my 3 year old rio and original ipod shuffle and they played just fine . i was frustrated at this point so i called the creative customer service . it is strange because they do not post the number for there company anywhere on there website and now i understand why . they have the worst customer service/tech department of any computer/electronic company i have ever spoke with . after three calls , never speaking to someone who i could fully understand as english was definitely not a first language , more like a 3rd or 4th language , i arrived nowhere . they kept telling me they were emailing document to me on how to resolve the problem . no email ever came , checked the junk folder and every other possible place . so i tried a fourth call . this guy basically called me stupid from what i could understand , saying `` i ca n't believe you americans '' and then mumbled something in another language . i asked for a supervisor . he told me that he would escalate my call and someone would call me in 2-3 days . then he hung up . i was really amazed that a company would treat its customers in this nature . they really have to respect for there customers and do not want to help them in any way . so i am returning the creative zen v plus player and i also do n't plan on buying anything from creative again . by the way , after all this , the problem never was fixed . also , when doing research on this product , i came across a couple articles and reviews that stated this player would play divx files . this is not true . this player will not play any files without being converted first . i took an avi video that was 100mb and it converted it into a 1.2gb file . the format they use is absolutely a waste of space . if you want to upload an entire movie on mpeg or avi format , it will end up taking the entire 8gb of space if not more . i converted the movie cars for my son on a short road trip thinking i could have my music plus his movie . i was wrong , the movie took up 7.1gb after being converted.i would not recommend this product to anyone . as much as i do n't like the ipod , i would recommend it over the zen v plus because : 1 . it plays all my music 2 . they have a customer service/tech support that helps you and cares about its customers.i hope this helps anyone looking at this player.jeff
got the phone and found out that in order to mount it to the wall , i need to purchase a $ 4.00 part and pay $ 5.00 shipping and taxes.now all the specs say wall mountable , not wall mountable with an extra purchase ! ok , $ 8-10 is n't going to break me , but somewhere it should state that you need to get an extra bracket in order to mount it on the wall ! so , since i ca n't mount it on the wall , i have n't used it yet ! have to wait a week or so for the wall mount bracket to come in ...
easy to set up and worked great for 2 months then it just stopped working . horrible customer service ! will never buy from this company again !
ok , so this is probably not the best protection for your ipod , but what do you want for 6 bucks ? i 'm cheap . if you 're not , buy something more expensive perhaps ... pros : - it does protect the screen and click wheel nicely.- the flip-up top magnetically shuts and holds securely , which i guess helps if you happen to drop it.cons : - the belt clip is ridiculous . it 's not a stationary clip . instead it spins around , which makes the likelihood of it falling off your hip greater . this product is not for the joggers.- the leather strap that comes with it is too short , which makes it difficult to operate the ipod when it 's around your neck.- it seems that the magnets leave marks on the areas not mentioned under pros above . but , as long as you never take your ipod out of the case , no worries.- this is made for the 30 gb ipod video , but it 's actually a little big for it . it leaves room for the ipod to slide up and down in the case . it makes accessing the hold switch difficult sometimes when the flip-up top is down . it 's easier to just open the top.if you do n't care about the cons and you are cheap like me , go ahead and buy it
the unit requires registration and an authorization number from the manufacture before maps can be loaded into the compact flash card . this requires determining the cf card id when registering . instructions for this procedure are very poor and navigating magellan 's web site is tricky at best . if you enter the cf id incorrectly , you can not store any maps in the unit even if you are provided an authorization code for the cf card . beware
i went online to amazaon , a site i trusted , to locate an hd radio for my desk at work.this was listed as an hd radio ; only after i received it , opened it , and plugged it in did i discover it is not an hd radio . both the 3rd party vendor and amazon claim i have no right to a refund . the fcc calls this fraud , and my case is added to a couple of hundred across that nation
5 ml for $ 20 . i would refuse to buy any printer that used this cartridge on principal . die in a fire , hp
i liked the md671 for the home office so i thought the md7161 would be a good upgrade for the home phone . not so . the handsets intermittently cut out when the person on the other end is speaking . i tried all the troubleshooting recommendations with no change in the problem . if you can not hear the entire conversation that sort of makes the phone unusable , right
this thing is a piece of junk.it stops working in between of a song for no reason.u can get a better mp3 player if you are spending this much
rarely do i write a review but this product is so bad i had to . expecting sony electronics to perform well , what a disappointment , this one is a bummer . save your money . there has got to a better under cabinet radio out there . while the concept is good and the design sleek ; do n't be fooled by the packaging . nothing works well . fm reception is poor , sound is terrible , controls are not intuitive . to top it all off a year after purchase ( yep , the warrantee just expired ) the cd player decided to only play the first track of any cd inserted . forget listening to the rest of it . this product is really zero stars . i 've tossed the whole works in the garbage
it 's too small and signal is too weak . the life of battery is too short.not recomment to buy this . you can find some other model better quality
check 10 cases , at least 6 are broken in new box . i do n't want to waist my time to check the remain 15 pieces .
hard to believe this product is still being sold when it 's not even friendly with the current hot selling ipods . also the claims of good design i feel are overstated . finally the speakers are weak and sound like it wo n't be long until they 're shaking , this may influence what music you 'll end up playing through the system.all said , though , i 'd be happy with it for the price if only they 'd update it to fully handle my ipod
my printing problems began two months after warranty expiration . i tried every troubleshoot i could find , three times . what a beautiful machine . it does everything very well . it even looks great sitting there on the desk . but what if it stops printing , then what good is it ? i finally gave up and bought something else
i ordered this for christmas from a marketplace seller . it was defective and assumed i would have to deal directly with philips to get a replacement . after seven weeks , i still do not have a replacement from them ; their customer service people keep telling me 10-15 days , and i have no recourse . i also thought the unit was complicated to use and would gladly obtain a refund if i could , or even get the unit . i would not recommend buying this or any other philips product to anyone . their customer service is the worst i 've ever dealt with . i also had to pay the shipping to return their defective dvd player
i had read several reviews here before purchasing this product , but went ahead and bought it anyway , thinking that logitech might have fixed their quality problems since those reviews were posted . i was wrong.after a few weeks of satisfactory use ( long enough to get past amazon 's reasonable window for returns ) , the space bar started working intermittently . incredibly annoying , and it renders the device unusable for all practical purposes.even before the space bar turned against me i was unimpressed with the feel of the keys ( i use a dell wireless keyboard , an apple wireless keyboard and the keyboard on my ibm x-series laptop ) .bottom line - the thing looks great on a desk , and it is nicely compact , but it probably wo n't do what you need it to . look elsewhere
this thing was a nightmare for us . so much in fact that we returned it . it never played the movies correctly and even scratched every movie we played in it . do not waste your money on this thing
this phone has about a 20 foot range before it starts cutting out . it has great features but you ca n't really move all about your home
my friend has this cord to connect his ipod to his stereo , and it works great , great sound , good ease of use etc . i wanted one so i went to bestbuy today and got one by rca that sounds just as good for $ 7.99
you do n't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals . keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them . did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel ? there 's no gold inside ! so there 's no need for oxygen-free , gold tipped , multi sheilded , super mega supreme cables . if you do n't believe me , buy this cable and a no-name cheapie . compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference.with analog signals , a good quality cable may make a difference ( although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope ) .
the epson r2400 is a purely photo printer . be sure to understand this before you buy . so if you are planning to have one printer and think this is it . . . think again . the k3 inks are not compatible with plain paper and any documents you print on plain paper are horribly color shifted and distorted . it took three calls to epson and replacing the icc profile before they would finally admit that the problem was the k3 ink compatibility with the plain paper . all the magazines raved about the black and white printing quality . not . at least not on premium quality photo paper . perhaps in some of the more expensive matt papers . i saw very little improvement over my epson r320 . now if you are going to use it strictly for a photo printer then this is very nice printer . the biggest drawback is you will not find the ink cartridges at any major store such as staples . the in stock ink guarantee there does not apply to items not carried in the strore . this is hint # 1 . hint # 2 if you run out of ink on a weekend and need to have something for monday you are sol . the only option you have is to order the ink online . trust amazon as they can find and deliver . however if for some reason your lucky enough to have a large pro photo store near bye they may have the cartridges . cartridges certainly dont last very long and at $ 12- $ 15 each with eight of them your burning $ 100- $ 125 a set . bulk ink tanks are coming out but i doubt the k3 inks will be imitated . if you can stand ordering everything online and are only looking for a great photo printer than this may be just the ticket for you . however at $ 850 i fully expected to be able to print documents with pictures on plain paper . i have n't been happy with this printer and i plan to replace it soon . amazon 's being able to locate and ship the ink is the only reason its still here .
at the beginning , i really thought this is a very nice product . it does solve the cd organize and automatic storage problem for many people . however , this equipment is poorly engineered . i bought four units and all of them failed within a year for various reasons . there is no easy way to even take the discs out of the faulty units . if you ever think about move this equipment to another room , it is almost bound to fail . customer service usually take 2 days to respond . the phone service guys do not answer questions about disc stakka because they know this is a bad product and rather not to deal with it with the disappointed customer . imagining someone charges your $ 400 to organize 300+ cds for a year and then quit . i am completely pissed off .
i know that everyone else seems to love this , so perhaps my complaint is more about apple in general . my ipod mini ( pink ) is a lemon . the battery has never worked properly . it takes longer to charge than to discharge , and my current playing time per charge ( no changing settings , not backlighting , nothing but hitting play and waiting till the battery dies ) is about 2 hours . apple will gladly sell me a new ( $ 70 ) battery , but other than that tough . it is apparently my fault thet they 're selling shoddy products . i 'm not saying do n't buy it . there are n't realistically any better choices out there than the ipod , but buy it when you have a week to sit around and evaluate it and when they get around to opening a store near you . as for me , i think i 'm going to dig out my old discman
this home theater package , despite being attractively priced considering its apparent functionality , is ultimately very disappointing.i 'm new to hdtv and hdmi so i did n't know as much as i needed in order to make a fully informed decision . i have a sony bravia xbr3 , oppo upconverting dvd player , scientific atlanta hd box and nintendo wii game console.this unit only offers pass-through video , so you have to have separate video connections from the receiver to the tv for each type of input ( hdmi , component , etc . ) . for the price difference between this and other receivers that will convert to a single connection , you 'll pay in extra cabling costs.the hdmi on this unit carries video only - no sound - so you have to have separate cabling to carry audio from your dvd or cable to the receiver , and then from the receiver to your tv . again , major inconvenience and lots of additional connections.the manual for this unit is beyond terrible . i 'm astounded that an international consumer electronics firm like sony would provide a manual as difficult to use and just indirect as this one . for example , there was a hum when watching tv that turned out was because the speakers while looking identical are not - some are shielded and some are n't . nothing in the manual about this . there are probably just enough hdmi and component connections for the basic user like myself.plus side is that there is no dvd player with this , so i can use my own.given a chance to do this again , i would spend a little extra on a unit that converts signals to a single output
man , were we diappointed with this ge phone ! we did everything right -- - '' trained '' the battery in the beginning , made sure we routinely charged it , never dropped or abused this phone , and then one day it started not holding a charge . we could n't figure it out.it worked fine for about a year and then completely crapped out , just like the other reviewers have said . we had a 10-year old toshiba that was so fabulous and reliable up to it 's unfortunate demise , which is when we acquired this loser . are there any good phones out there somewhere ? ? ?
nice basic phone . i 've used it happily for two years , until the battery died . what 's the deal with the batteries on new cordless phones ? my 5.8ghz toshiba wonder died after less than 2 years , while my trusty at & t from mid-90s keeps on ticking
this is an excellent item for anyone on-the-go who has an ipod nano . no longer do you need to carry those cumbersome cd 's around or get distracted while driving when a cd ends and you need a new one . why pay the big bucks for a cd changer & player when all you need is this & an ipod nano
the price and some positive reviews led me to purchase this item , but after only about 1,000 pictures , all i got was corrupted data . i had the card professionally tested to ensure it was the card and nothing wrong with my camera . it definitely showed the card was the problem . luckily , i had recently done a download . wo n't trust my pictures to this brand again
in short , why a 1 star rating you wonder ? took forever to set up properly ; long wait time and poor help from tech support ; automatic set-up i doubt will ever work for anyone . though it does work once finally set up.__________________________________________________________so i decided to go wireless at home with a new laptop , new wireless router , and a wireless print server ( ps ) , so i can put the printer in the garage and free up space in the house.i did a lot of research and decided to get a belkin router ( f5d7231-4 ) and this ps from the same manufacturer so hopefully they would set-up easily together . this is definitely not the case ! first be warned this product is not wpa compatible ! thus , even though the router is wpa able , you can not use wpa with the ps and thus have to use wep for the network once this product is used . hopefully in the future this product will support wpa , but it would only hopefully do so thru a firmware upgrade . do not think this ps is wpa compatible.next , be warned the box says `` 3 minute easy install '' - well it took me about 12 hours total to get the ps working now wirelessly . i am not a computer techie , but i am smart , a great problem solver , and savvy enough to teach myself how to create a whole html website with hundreds of pages . i tried to set-up the ps on a static ip address , as recommended by my techie friends , but this just did not happen . thus , next time i restart the router it may assign the ps a different ip address and then i 'll have to find it thru the router interface and reconfigure the printer set-up for that new address-so i plan to spend more time in the future revisiting this issue.the crux of how i got it to work is by using the router interface and entering the mac addresses of the ps and computers in the network . this is the golden key i searched for for hours trying all permutations of all the other settings in the router 's and ps 's web interfaces . only this way was i able to unhook the land-line from the ps to the router and get it to interface and thus work wirelessly.belkin tech support had medium wait time , friendly techs ( not always speaking english without thick accents though ) , and they were unable to solve my golden key for me . they even promised a chief tech would call me back but that never happened.so , yes , the product works fine but just be warned from someone perhaps like yourself that i had to learn way more about this whole network/configuration issue than i ever wanted or expected to , and i had to manually configure the whole set-up to get this product to work .
this was the worst electronics puchase i 've ever made . when i first got the mini it was great , looked nice and sounded great . within about 6 months battery life started to go way down , after a year it was down to nothing , did n't work properly , would show a full charge and not last more than 20 minutes . if you 're going to take a chance on an ipod , definitely get a newer different model that may be of better quality than this one
i had my pink ipod mini since feb. 2005 . it was fine until it died the next year on the exact day i got it , and the warranty ran out . i got it repaired at an apple reseller , and then it died again on the warranty expiration date . what is it with the ipods ? it 's like they have a self destruct inside ! ) : -
i 've been looking for this style of phone for a while , looks great , works great but it 's so tiny as to be a pain in the rump to use . it 's both more narrow width wise and length wise than my samsung sph-a900 . when the samsung is fully opened this is still a smaller phone . i want a small sleek mobile phone , but this phone is impractical for using for long periods at home . if it we 're 1/3 larger it 'd be excellent , maybe a great phone for women . also it does not have any plugs for headsets . i am returning mine to amazon
i do not leave feedback of any kind on amazon.com , but this time as i was listening to my car audio today , i was compelled to leave one for others . this product is probably the worst of any electrical equipments i bought for mp3 player/audio system . its sound reproducing/transmission from mp3 player to car audio is of inferior quality . it does not balance well the low/high frequency sounds , resulting in dampened sound with absolutely no clarity . mine worked ok for the first several hours i assume . i think it damaged the speaker , and it now sounds like it 's going to rip apart . someone else left review explaing this trouble , which i ignored , which was a mistake . again , do n't buy .
my wait has been 17 weeks and i received my monthly email today pushing out the delivery date another 30 days . one big difference ! ! ! ! the item is now listed as available but for more money than i agreed to pay back in november . if this is amazon 's way of making me take a walk and give circuit city my $ $ $ , it worked
this is a terrible product . if you can get it to print , the labels look great , but it will only print a few labels before stops for no reason that i can find . i get an error that it did n't print but no reason why . i 've installed on two different pcs , one is brand new and same thing happens . software is also pretty useless.it also prints many blank labels which gets quite expensive.the online help is a joke and the technical support take 48 hrs to respond .
i was expecting at least a degree worth of difference , it did not help at all ! absolute waste of 50 dollars
the toshibamd14f52 arrived defective . some channels would not function properly - ghost images and snow on screen . we have direct connect cable with 5 other tvs that work perfectly . toshiba customer service was horrible to deal with ; they were evasive , would not listen to my explanations but insisted on telling me to try what i had already tried to make the tv work . they also told me to call my cable company for help . finally , after talking to several different unhelpful and unfriendly toshiba people , i was referred to a tv repair agent for toshiba that turned out to be unsavory , dishonest , given to lying and refusing to demonstrate he had fixed the tv as he claimed . he refused to plug it in to show it worked . well , as i suspected , when i got home and tried the tv , he had left the tv as non-functional as it was when he received it , but insisted it was fixed . he told me to buy an external tv antenna and not use my cable tv ! i will never buy another toshiba tv again
had this set of speakers for close to a year now . they really are nothing special for the price . one problem is when running them on battery the signal seems to drift ( if you lock in a signal at all ) ! they do come with power cord to plug each speaker into ac . i have outside wiring so this is no trouble . two if you walk between the transmitter and the speeakers the music cuts out.if you plan to buy these and run them on battery alone , and mounting them in a high traffic area ( i mounted mine high above head level ) , do n't purchase them
these speakers , in one word , suck . i made the mistake of buying them because they were so cheap . i guess i forgot the old adage `` you get what you pay for '' , did n't i ? they worked `` okay '' when i first installed them.in a week , i got bad signals and the speakers did n't work properly.worse purchase i 've ever made ! ! do n't make the same mistake i did , please ! spend the extra money and get quality speakers
this product does not hold the smaller ipods well at all , only should be bought by people with the bigger model ipods .
i use a plastic water bottle and the only part that is kept cold is the bottom .
i own a magellan meridian marine unit . just found out that you can only get 1 access code per program . i purchased 2 64 meg cards in hopes of downloading more than 1 map per card . not only can i not down load more than 1 map , i can not get an access code for additional cards . lost money all the way around.magellan offered me the opportunity to buy the blue nav xl charts at $ 179.00 , but low and behold , they come with the same defect of 1 unlock code per program.i was a believer in magellan , but switching to garmin today ! david
i bought this item because amazon never had the 3m model i wanted in stock . so i settled for this one . that was a big mistake . the wheels on this stand are only about 8 inches apart which makes your cpu very unstable . the spring steel friction fit makes it difficult for one person to attach or remove this stand from the cpu . it is really a two person operation . finally , if your cpu has a side access panel , you will have to remove it from the stand to gain access since the stand uses a pressure fit to hold it to the computer . take a look at the 3m cs100 stand . i think it is a much better design
this item will not work with pixma mp810 printers . none of the photo pigments are compatpable with this unit . i am now the proud owner of a cli-8pc ink tank that is completely useless to me . i suppose it 's my fault since , when i looked at these reviews several other people had the same problem . let all other buyers be aware and not make the same mistake
do not buy this unit . i have tested the vosky , iogear and now us robotics and they are all junk . while the speaker quality is acceptable the microphone sound quality is woefully inadequate . i do not understand why no one is capable of developing a hafway decent unit . and why are the so small ! ? the are so small as to be practically useless . the iogear unit does not even incorporate mute and volume buttons.bottom line : wait until someone comes out with a quality item or shell out big bucks and buy a polycom and the computer calling kit that is available through polycom . ( even the polycom computer calling kit is analog ! what is the problem ! ?
very simply put , the sound is wonderful - the design stinks . i too crazy glued the rubber earcups to the plastic earphones - that lasted 2 days and they fell off.i do n't know what bose is thinking - clearly they are not doing any end-user testing.update - bose has issued replacement earcups which apparently do n't fall off . pretty cool - i got ta upgrade my rating from 2 to
this item was not practical . it looked good but not being able to zip the sides all the way down because of the cute water bottles was not very functional
this product is great the only problem i have is that upon downloading the drivers for this item i get a warning from my server stating that this devise does not have an id certificate and it advises me not to use this item for it may damage my computer . i want to use this item but i am afraid to please verify you certificate so i can complete my downloa
this is a recorder with many nice features but mine lasted only a few dozen hours ( but did make it beyond the very short warrenty ) . it was well cared for and still does not have even the tiniest scratch but it simply did not last long . for the price i expected a durable and well built machine . i was very disappointed and could not personally recommend it
if your router is not by d-link , and particularly if you use wpa encryption with that router , do not purchase the dgl-3420 . i have tested it with both the linksys wrt54g and the smc 2804wmbp-g , and wpa fails with both of them . d-link technical support , in fact , has confirmed that they know the adapter does n't work using wpa with the wrt54g.besides , for significantly less money you can get a wireless bridge with a lot more functionality . after this product failed for me , i purchased the netgear wgps606 , which can connect four items ( x-box , computer , whatever ) to your wireless network and two wireless print servers , all for $ 20 less ( on amazon )
when this jumpdrive was plugged into my windows 2000 system , the software that it loads corrupted the boot sector of my hard drive . the lexar `` technical support '' was no help at all . they told me to reinstall my system.luckily the computer repair person i hired was able to recover my data files before the os was reinstalled . lexar would not cover one dime of my repair cost.i will never purchase one of their product again
when it worked , it did as described , but twice it stopped functioning and all data was lost . now when it is connected the computer fails to recognize it . there are many better , more reliable brands , such as the sony micro vault which i have now . nevertheless i would n't put anything on these that i did n't have backed up . these drives heat up if you leave them connected to the computer . heat will cause them to fail faster
i bought two lexar thumbdrives , over other brands , partially based on their rebate offers . despite my methodical record keeping and submission , i simply got post cards saying that i did not `` meet '' the rebate requirements ( in place of the rebate checks ) . the first time it happened , i thought it was , oh well , my fault , but the same identical thing happened on my second rebate submission . this is simply frank fraud by lexar , on a smaller scale , therefore not worth customers ' time to file a complaint or to pursue it further . i hope the recent fines associated bogus rebates woke up these small time thieves and deterred them from deceiving and conning their customers again
i bought this slick looker for the desk in my office . i had a beat up 20 yo digital clock radio that had poor sound.however its tuner worked ok and i figured with the tivoli rep i 'd get some good listening along with the good looks . my office is inside the facility without windows so reception can be tricky ... the tuner for the pa speakers in the rest of the office has to have the antenna just right . i was very frustrated to find that the radio simply couldnt hold a signal . a station would tune in nice but the fade in and out to barely hearable . i bought an amplified antenna but didnt help . then i tried it in a windowed room and same problem ... ... i was very disapointed
ok ... . i bought one of these as a refurb thinking that it was a great bargain ... hey 5gb for less than $ 100 what a deal . once you get the hang of loading and working with the windows media player its not a big deal to load . unfortunately after it begins locking up and not recognizing songs ( which requires a drive reformat and reinstallation of the songs ) you get really good at it . had it for about 4 months before it stopped even recognizing the hd and no longer worked at all . i thought maybe the reason was that i had bought a refurb so a new one had to be better ... right ? so i stupidly bought a brand new one.. again less than $ 100 . this one has now begun the lock up and reload problem within 2 months of reciept and i just recently got the `` not recognizing the hd '' message . i am in hopes of getting it to work but for right now its just an expensive paperweight . i am 0/2 with these players so i do n't believe that they are worth the shipping it takes to send them back . beware of this product
this is the worst pice of electronics i ever bought . started falling apart after few days only . battery life is a joke.software that comes with it is totally unfriendly and even if you manage to install that thing on your computer it wo n't work with os prior to xp . you will find that out after you 're done installing it . mediocre performance . do n't waste your money on this one .
i have an ipaq pda and i own a tomtom gps -- both of which work well . this combo ipaq/tomtom is 'in the rough ' and needs to undergo some re-tooling . i 'm surprised that other reviewers mention what i deem significant flaws and then go on to rate the unit as a 4 or 5 star . for example , the travel companion stalls and needs soft-resets . for a right handed person , the stylus is awkward . support is not good . moving through programs can be painfully slow . the gps tracking lags . i depend on my gps and pda for business travel . buy the rx5915 if you like to play with gadgets as it 's loaded with some fun stuff . but , not if you need something dependable while on the road .
what a lousy battery.used it on my clock and it leaked.i would never use it again . ..
i value the amazon product reviews and have purchased many items based on customer feedback . i purchased this phone from home depot for $ 69.95 . i am returning it today . it is to large for comfort , the reception is bad , the letters too small for those of us who need reading glasses ... i could go on
i ordered the cisco aironet 1231 the other day , and after it arrived , set it up , and ... could n't get a wireless signal . i called customer support and was told i would be called back by a technician ( which obviously the first person was not ) within an hour . we waited ... and got online to try to figure things out . turns out that in very small print on an obscure documentation page of the 1231 it says at the very bottom that two external antennae are needed for the 2.4 gh wireless ( 802.11b/g ) to work . i was even more disappointed to find out that the required antennae were available online for only $ 16 a piece , which makes cisco look really cheap for not including such a small but vital item with a $ 500 router.although it took an astonishing twelve hours for customer support to get back to me , since i registered my complaint with them they have been very helpful . i really hope that they improve their web site-it really is not that helpful since you have to weed through pages of documentation before you can even begin to find information you need . i still have n't used this router since i 'm waiting for the required antennae i had to order somewhere else . cisco routers are supposed to be good , but as a warning to you , the potential customer , be aware that 1 ) you need to purchase external antennae with this product ; 2 ) my initial experience with customer service was pretty disappointing
extremely disappointed , especially after having done a lot of research and read the great reviews that this product ( and the axion 7 '' player ) received . i bought it for my wife for a road trip and she was excited about the large screen and the ability to connect an antenna to watch tv . the player worked fine for the first dvd we tried , but after that the screen freaked out and went almost black . you could n't see a picture but you could hear the movie just fine . no complaints about the sound i guess , but what good is that if the screen does n't work ? needless to say i returned this as fast as possible . in fact , if i could rate it less than one star i would , since it did n't even last one day . terrible product
i have had this kensington fm transmitter for about 2 months and in my hands it has very acceptable sound and not alot of static.unfortunately it has one fatal design flaw that makes listening to classical , jazz and any other type of music with any quiet passages very frustrating . during the quiet parts the unit will shut itself off causing my car audio to emit a ear piercing screech when it loses the signal . i have n't measured it but it seems like as little a 10-15 seconds of quiet causes this behavior.this makes this unit useless for classical music and quite a bit of jazz and other similar styles . if you listen to quiet music , avoid at all costs . if you do n't it is the best transmitter i have tried.sirandar
while i 'm driving , this thing does n't work at all . there 's tons of static and the music cuts out all the time . the only time this fm transmitter works is when my car is still . maybe it 's because my antenna is on the back of my rear window and the transmitter ca n't reach it . overall , i 'd say this product is garbage
this junk absolutley ruined an otherwise mildy scratched cd . avoid at all costs unless you want to completely destroy a cd . what was in that bottle , toilet cleaner
i bought this product and was very disappointed by it . not only did it damage my head to my c.d . writter , it also destroyed my hard drive in the process . eri
this player is junk . it would not play music for more than two hours before going dead . when i called toshiba , the person that i talked to claimed he was n't aware battery life was even a problem . i directed him to read some of the reviews on c-net , which i discovered after i bought it . ( my fault ) it was finally returned and the battery was replaced . now ( after two weeks ) it wo n't even hold a charge . i 'm returning it and will not recommend this to anyone
the radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- i cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the station and volume when in the case ; i ca n't believe the case did n't come this way -- and that 's just the start of the problems . the dials are fussy and it 's not easy to carry this radio , even in the case , without nudging the dial to the point you must remove it from the case -- if you have n't cut any slits in it -- and re-tune your station.in minneapolis-st. paul , wcco am radio comes in fine in a suburb 15 miles from downtown . but that station has howitzer power . forget about tuning in virtually any other am station in the city . granted , i did n't buy this to listen to fm or shortwave . it was to be an inexpensive radio to listen to baseball . with the minnesota twins having moved from wcco , that wo n't happen , as this radio is incapable of pulling in the twins ' new am radio home , or any othe am signal in the area . that 's really difficult to imagine , being other radios i own -- even chintzy giveaway promotional radios -- can pull in most any station in the metro area.if this is an example of grundig 's work , i 'd say they rely more on their brand name than their products .
i 've had these speakers for three years now . hissing , popping , not holding signal -- all that has been true from day 1 . and tonight , one of the speakers just would not turn on . the power supply was n't the problem -- it 's something inside the speaker box , and something that apparently can not be fixed.so my other one will be mono until i can come up with an alternative solution.oh well..
we wanted the zoom and missed the fact that this one does not have the zoom . the reason i give two stars is because of beach camera 's return policy . they grudgingly allowed me to return it , as a one-time courtesy with a restocking fee . i wish amazon would tag the vendors so we could easily see if we were buying from this type of company
i have gone through 4 pairs in 4 months because they keep breaking , one thing after another . either one ear stops or they both stop in the same hour ! ! ! i would n't dare unless you can return them easy
i bought the ear buds to replace the ones that came with my ipod . i used it for about fifteen minutes and then the left earbud would not transmit any sound . sending these ones back . i must say that the earbuds kept outside sound out very well ( much to my mom 's dismay , she could n't fuss at me : -p ) . oh well .
the description gives the impression that the material is made of hard rubber and that it can protect you ipod in `` rugged '' conditions . in reality it is made from very thin flimsy rubber . i suppose will protect you nano from scratches and other cosmetic damage , but it will not porvide any protection from drops or other rough handling
has anyone else experienced the following ? : used the first twenty or so in a stack of 100 without any problems , then have run into ( so far ) a run of at least 30 defective discs after the remainder sat unused for a few months . after various attempts to narrow down the problem , i tracked it down to the blank cd-rs . i had exactly the same problem occur with another brand , which was replaced with these tdks . is there some unwritten shelf life for blank cd-rs or am i just unlucky ?
creating a dvd , using imovie to idvd even on a powermac g5 quad ( superfast , supergreat ! ) is a 4-5 hour process . a 10-15 % failure rate , due to poor media quality is unacceptable ! the 'quality control ' at memorex sucks ! it is not so much the cost of the bad dvds , but , there are superficial scratches on the recording surface of 5-8 out of every 50 i have used , causing a failure to burn , after a very lengthy set up process . i will be using verbatim blank media . .from now on !
i would not buy this again . the edge of the pouch impinges on the earphones connection and already wore out i set of earphones . the attachment to a belt is tricky to use , cant be done one handed and frequently unlatches when i am moving around . i am in the market for a better one
i bought the kx-tg5571 and an extra handset after being so pleased with it'spredecessor kx-tg5471.the 5571 handset does not have a flash button ! what you have to do instead is press the speakerphone button , wait for options to appear on the screen and then press a different button to access the flash function and there is no way to figure that out whilelooking at the handset.why
this was the top rated system by consumer reports . i returned it . the sound quality of the message i recorded as a greeting sounded awful as did the sound of the messages i received . tried to record my greeting a number of ways , but they all sounded awful .
this portable tv sounds great except they made a few mistakes in the design . they do n't tell you that there is no antennea nor that the tv will not work without an antennea ! the portable dvd player is great . the tv is horrible . when we did get an antennea the tv worked but we went to numerous stores and the all the antenneas we found were big and bulky plus had to be hooked then unhooked when we wanted to put the unit away without an antennea sticking out to get broken . do n't buy this for the tv ! we ended up purchasing a different product that had the antennea built in . this one was a total waste of money
the product does not work in my view . i have to review every card and have to manually correct the extracted information in 95 % of the cases . it is not much different than entering the information manually . the character recognition software has a long way to go to be effective . does not even recognize that `` wireless '' is the mobile phone number . one would think that they would get it right after all these versions and years . the only good thing is once you scan the cards , you can throw them away , but still have to spend the same amount time entering the information by hand .
like others , i was very pleased ( initially ) with the very quick installation of this router . since i am very familiar with linksys products , working through the web utility to configure the router is a snap . i was up an running inside 5 minutes . signal strength was awesome , and i had an imac connected wirelessly with wpa security and an xp machine connected through the ethernet port . life was good ... ... ... after a few days of blissful surfing , i tried to connect a mac powerbook pro to the network . bad idea -- would not connect unless the wireless security was turned off completely ( another bad idea . ) after resetting the router a few times it made the whole system very unstable . the imac now loses it 's connection every 15 minutes or so . soooooo , once again i 'm resigned to spending fruitless hours on a tech support line to a faraway land . i purposely stayed with 802.11g because this technology is several years old and should be rock solid . i found a forum at [ ... ] that proved to me that many others are having dhcp problems with these routers . there 's no excuse for having to spend this much time setting up a very simple network ! if i had n't already tossed the box , i would be returning it for a refund .
i bought this product to help cleaning the lense of my auto cd player . i tried it for at least 10 times , but no luck . wet clean the lense manually is the best way , but that will include getting the player out from the dash board
i owned this product for about one week , very nice little piece which i can take to work or jogging , but today when i am copying some files to it from my computer , it stopped working , even reset did n't work , so i will return it for a refund and try different products
i purchased this to work with my xbox 360 , i wanted to try this cable type with my new onkyo 7.1 home theater since i was using the old composite for sound . i heard more disortion and fuzz then if you but a soda can in a blender . i qucikly ran to best buy to buy a monster fiber optical cable it was about 50.00 dollars more . but then the sound was incredible i could n't beleive what i was hearing . i gave it two stars since the cables build was so so but not half as thick as monsters . ( maybe i got a bad model give it a shot it 's only a couple dollars )
this is the same unit that hp sells , but has lite on do its support . great unit for about a month . support is not good .
i was not aware until purchasing , that the u3 smart drive by kingston would not run just any software but only certain programs therefore it is mostly useless to me . however i will use it as a general back up thumb drive
i got this case for my ws-320m , which i 've been wearing around my neck like a mp3 player.the material of the case seems to be genuine leather ( or really good vinyl ) and brushed felt . it looks good = professional looking.i 've enclosed what i hope are representative pictures of this case . all the buttons of the recorder are accessible . even when the flap is closed , the microphone/headphone jacks are available , as are the rec/stop/play buttons . if the 2 tiny holes on top of the recorder are apertures for the built-in microphone , you should indeed be able to record with the flap of the case closed as well . there is a little cushion portion embedded as a part of the case that pushes gently against the `` hold '' button on the side of the recorder . not only does this prevent the recorder from jostling around , but was probably designed to prevent accidental release of the `` hold '' button . however , since the hold button is meant to slide down ( away from the microphone ) for it to be released , if the recorder was accidently pulled out of the case , the resulting friction would actually unlock the `` hold '' button.the belt loop is an adjustable velcro . i would have preferred a sewn-on belt loop ( so the case can not come off the belt accidently ) or a nice stiff clip ( for easy access ) , or even a riveted snap button , but this seems to be a poor compromise between the options . most of this opinion of mine is probably based on my bias against in velcro in general - they seem to be just weak enough to cause problems at the most inopportune times.the case is closed shut with another velcro strap , all in all , it seems to be designed to merely protect the surface of the recorder during transport . or , being able to put it on your belt after everything else ( line-in mic , headphone , recording/playing ) is set up . the relative inaccessibility of the buttons when the recorder is inside the case ( mainly due to very small buttons ) , as well as the case not being very conducive to acting as a stand , would lead me to suggest that it is not very functional to record with the recorder inside the case . the case seems to be better for carrying around in your pocket , and whipping it out for the bystanders to admire the case prior to revealing the recorder.my bias lies in that i like to use it as an mp3 player , and i wear it around my neck by commandeering a strap/loop from a flash drive . placing the recorder on your belt will create more opportunities for the earphone/mic to fall out from the waving of arms and such.i think a better choice would have been one of the cheaper generic cell phone cases that clip on to your belt.on one positive note , i believe this is the first time that i was the first reviewer for anything from amazon . woo hoo
i live in the wash. dc area and we have pretty bad traffic . i normally take a route that is n't extremely bad but does has congestion . i get no warnings at all.also , recently there was a smaller side road ( non-highway but well used road ) that was closed on both directions but had no information on this road . the antenna works but clear channels traffic information sucks.sucks really bad . when i check the traffic information , the only information i get is the main large interstate highways.do yourself a favor and do n't buy this . who knows , maybe the xm traffic service is better but i can honestly tell you clear channel traffic service sucks ! maybe i 'll get some traffic information traveling on i-95 somewhere ... sorry for the unproffesionalism but its the honest truth
very disappointing ! i was hoping i could at least get one or two viewable network affiliate vhf stations . instead , the best the antenna could pull in was color-enhanced snow and sound laced with static . tried all three antenna hook-up options . in fact , my set pulled in the same signal with or without the antenna
please do n't be fooled by it 's inexpensiveness . i am a victim of it . i already bought this card and within 2 weeks i started getting read and write errors . i formatted the card and it now has 2 mb of bad sectors . unlike the other reviewer i did had 2 gb to begin with . but i think it is bad quality product and thats why it is dearth cheap . it is not at all reliable . now i am contacting their customerservice to replace this card for me
this printer is a piece of junk . the print mechanism is constructed of flimsy plastic so that unless care is taken in inserting the print cartridges , the mechanism is likrly to be damaged . like other hp printers operating under xp , it is almost impossible to cancel a pring job in case of a problem ( e.g . paper jam , paper out ) . cancelling a print job results in a `` deleting document message '' which remains until printer is disconnected ( you can turn it off under these circumstances ) and computer is rebooted . often xp hangs up and the computer must be poered off withexiting windows properly which results in a long diskcheck on repowering . i have long had this problem with an older hp model , but had hoped they had corrected this problem in their software by now , but alas ... . the crown of it all is the life of the ink cartridge . the tricolor cartridge , costing about $ 18 at wal-mart , lasts for about 12 8 x 10 photos before the ink low warning comes up.in sumarry : do n't buy this printer whatever the price . it would probably be wise to avoid hp inexpensive printers altogether .
i experienced what seemed to be a common problem for many people that have purchased av cables for the ipod . i was able to get the audio but no picture was available despite following the advice of other reviewers to set my tv out signal to on . it did n't help that no manual was included in the box to assist with troubleshooting .
looking at the photo of this item , i noticed the plug at the end of this car lighter charger is not the screw on contraption needed for my explorist 400 , so i was hesitant to purchase it until i did further research and found out why the plug is different.you still need the usb cable that came with the explorist and have to bring it in the car too ! the big ac plug detaches from the usb cable , and aha ! now you have a jack that this car charger can plug into ! then you screw that cable onto your gps unit as when you charge it via ac.in other words ... this charger does not plug into your gps , it plugs into your gps charger cable which attaches to your gps.but i do n't want to take that cable in the car with me , because if it gets damaged or lost , then i can never charge the unit at all , not even at home with ac . so i was forced to find and purchase another usb cable assembly seperately , to keep in the car with this car lighter charger.magellan should have just put the screw on connector at the end of this car charger instead of the way they did it.the car lighter charger has a nice coiled cord , but what good is it ? you still have to have the long usb cable attached to it anyway ! but hopefully this will help everyone , that like me , was puzzled by the photo of the item and the connector that is n't going to fit anywhere in the explorist 400
i bought this last christmas for my three year old and five year old . thesound of the piano is a little off , but all in all the piano is nice for the price . the leg of the stool breaks very easily . do n't buy unless you can fix
i have no axe to grind with bose . i originally bought this speaker for a custom cabinet with almost no room for a center channel set up . this speaker has an incredibly small footprint . if space is limited , this is not a bad option . however , being honest , this is not a great center channel speaker . choosing speakers is like the addage `` certain horses for certain courses . '' your budget , your room , your components - all play a part.i have two home theater setups . one is a daily gathering area with basic in wall treatments from polk audio . the other is a dedicated theater utilizing definitive technologies with b & k reference 7.1 processing . clearly the bose vcs-10 can not hold its own with my larger setup . however , i have run it with my polk audio 's and it was workable . the timbre match was slightly off and the vocals were not as sharp as they are with my polk csi3 but it was not awful.my bottom line - you can certainly buy a better center channel speaker . can you buy a better one in this price range . i think so - if you are only focused on the quality of this one speaker and not the blended sound of your system . you should always buy the best components within your budget - but remember you are building a system - it 's not just about one speaker . if this speaker fits your space and ( more importantly ) matches your other speakers , then it may be the right speaker for you
i purchased this speaker about four years ago to complement my bose main speakers for my surround sound set up . at that time , i felt the sound quality was pretty good but over the years as i listened to other center channels that other people had in their home theater set ups i came to realize that the bose center speaker sound quality was not up to par . so last year , i purchased a polk center speaker and the improvement in sound quality is absolutely insane . the polk speaker which costs the same as the bose ( $ 199 ) was far and away the better product . the sound is cleaner , crisper , sharper ... it made watching movies much more enjoyable . i could n't believe what i had been missing out on all these years . the only reason i purchased the bose was to match my speakers but that was a mistake because the sound i have now with polk center and bose main is excellent . depending on who you ask , the center speaker is the most important speaker in a home entertainment audio system . if that 's true then i would n't recommend bose because all you 're doing is buying the name and not the sound quality and to me that 's a waste of money . i know because i made that mistake .
i bought this speaker about one year ago from best buy , very disappointed . the sound quality is terrible , i have two presence channel $ 15 klh speakers that sound better than this . no high end speakers have cabinets made of plastic , hence why bose is not high end . after a year of misery on my ears , i 've replaced this with a paradigm center speaker that only cost $ 20 more , and the difference is not even comparable . do not buy this , or any bose product at all . save your money and buy paradigm , b & w , or similar , most of the time they cost a little bit more , but sometimes actually less and are actually high end speakers , and you will get your money 's worth
believe me , this is not worth it ! get a kensington . i already wasted my money on this , do n't buy it . horrible signal to noise ratio , poor reception , can not modulate to more than 4 frequencies . does not work
i 'm usually a big linksys supporter . this is an exception . this device is a joke . not a very funny one . the first thing i was told when i called for support was it most likely would n't work with my printer ( canon mp950 ) . i spent several hours trying to get a linksys router to see this thing with online support . do n't waste your time
i followed the install instructions to the letter , but the install program started giving me an error that i could n't get past . i downloaded the latest install from the linksys web site and got past the point where i had been getting the error , but i could n't get the print server to connect to my wireless network . when i had the print server connected to my network via an ethernet cable , it detected the attached printer but could n't even print a test page successfully . this product was a complete waste of time
this was my first , and only , purchase of a linksys product . i unhappily discovered that it would not work with my multifunction printer , then hooked it up to another printer , only to have it die just out of warranty . a completely worthless piece of chinese made technology that is so bad the manufacturer does n't even stand behind it
i 've had this phone for approx . 9 months now , maybe longer ... and i truly do n't know how i 've stood using this dual phone system for so long . however , tonight i 've taken a giant step `` upward '' towards better quality and design with the panasonic kx-tg 5432m dual system . this dual handset is the worst i 've ever experienced in a cordless system . from the moment i set it up , the static has been atrocious . step away from the base unit over ten feet and it sounds like someone gargling gravel or a mad cat hissing in your ear . i ca n't even step into my attached garage to talk with someone without major static to the point of not even being able to be heard by the other person . even within six feet of the base i receive intermittent static that becomes obnoxious and distracting , not only to me , but to the other person on the other end ... for they hear it too . i will never purchase another uniden product , if this is the non-quality of product they put out . i had a 2.4 mhz system that would outshine this system ... and i wish i 'd never gotten rid of it.as the title says ... if you desire a lot of static when you talk on a phone , this is the system you need to bring that crackling symphony of music to your ear . the melodic consistancy this system creates in ones enjoyment of talking on the phone will not put you to sleep , but rather increase your aggravation of dealing with what sounds like a major electrical storm going on inside your head . uniden should be ashamed of this product.stepping down from the soapbox now..
syntax clearly states that their warranty is only good for the origninal purchaser . i got my daughter one as a gift , gave it to her bran new , in the factory sealed box and syntax refuses to honor the warranty , ( and yes i calld everywere and tried everything ) .
we bought this machine for a christmas present for the inlaws , knowing i 'd wind up installing it . the first disk played fine , but while i was eating lunch my father-in-law tried moving to a different cd . it would n't play . it 'd go back to the first disk and play it fine . so , i shut it down , restarted on disk 2 and now it played fine , but would n't go back and play disk 1 ! i moved the disks around to other slots and still they skipped like an old-fashioned vinyl record with a scratch . both cds worked fine in another player . in the meantime , mother-in-law is busy putting her collection of cds into groups for me to program . not this holiday season . this sucker 's going back to the big box store from wence it came !
i just bought these matte labels . when i printed a photo , i noticed that photos come out at the ultra lowest quality , and the worst part is that everything printed on these labels smudge when fingers are lightly run over the labels.has anyone experienced this ? please share your story
i did not receive the correct product that i ordered . i informed the seller and he stated that i would need to resell on ebay myself . very disappointed with his service.kell
long periods of garbled static mixed with random brief moments of actual fm reception . this is in town trying to receive a major station . i am packaging this up and its going back today . this is my second try with sony that has miserably failed . guess maybe i should be looking at another mfg
i purchased this headset to wear to the gym to tune into their tv 's to watch programs rather than listen to music . reception was horrible ! ! ! while i was in the gym i tried just listening to the radio and could n't even get that to come in clear . the only time it was partially clear was if you were standing outside and it was clear skies ! not impressed at all ! i will be returning this and maybe buy the $ 12 generic set instead
i also had the model before the m85v and got great reception . this new model gets terrible reception . i still have my old model and put the old one next to the new one and it was like night and day with the reception . do n't waste your money on this model !
reception is only acceptable if you are seated with the headphone antenna adjusted to maximize signal strength
i hate this unit with a passion and i sell the things . its cheap , 299.99 at most retail place right now and that 's what you are getting . the one died in 24 hours , while plugged in and never turned back on . it also directed us to a road that was headed into the pacific ocean , there is no road across in the pacific last time i checked . it acquired satelites once and then never acquired them again . and good luck talking to customer service , both i talked to did n't speak english ... a dreadful unit , maybe tomtom could go work at walmar
mouse movement is extremely slow . it literally takes 10 ( ! ) seconds to get from one side of the screen to another ( 800x600 ) . i just got it from officedepot [ ... ] .buttons are too small and hard to control . joystick is unresponsive
it works if there 's a direct line of sight to the reciever . in other words , if the ipod is lying down horizontally , it wo n't respond . you 'll want to use a dock or something else to prop it up vertically for it to work
should have believed all the other negative reviews . did n't work in my honda civic and did n't work in my nissan altima , both with original manufacturer tape decks . in both cases , the tape deck whirred for a bit , then ejected the smartdeck
do not buy this if you own the c340 -- it does n't fit and amazon should n't market this as if it will . it 's a nightmare to have to get it returned and get a refund . this is also true for the cigarette lighter adapter -- i hope there will be clarity as to which accessories go with each model otherwise , you 'll be in for a lot of wasted time and money . the garmin is great , but the fact that most of their accessories are not compatible within the product family is a huge problem .
disaster . supposed to work in conjunction with cordless phone extensions but will not work with other desk phones ! it only works with cordless phones . i wanted a desktop phone on every desk with the cordless as a convenient extra feature but now every office is stuck using only the very clumsy cordless handset . we were not informed of this until after we purchased and installed the phones . no mention of the hold 'music ' in the manual . this product is a mess . stay away . get a real phone system
after the last panasonic 4-line debacle ... .1 key failes in 6 months on all handsets yikes ! and with not having a lot of other choices on the market we were forced to buy the new edition of the panasonic phone . how bad could it be , we figured . they have to have figured out how to build a decent handset buy now . well , the handset is probably ok , but when we took it 20 feet from the base we lost signa1 . what ! ! ? called panasonic and of course customer service probably had never seen the phone suggested to unplug the battery ... for heaven 's sake . hang up , call back , next person educates me that 5.8 ghz just means clearer signal , but range is shorter . wtf ? ? ! we immediately boxed this piece of junk up and sent it back ! ! do yourself a favor , buy from a different manufacturer
if there were a catagory for 0 stars , that 's what i would have rated it . i bought this model only because i wanted a tv that would fit into a small space on a kitchen counter . the radio works , the cd works , but the tv died after l month . and the tv was the only part i was interested in . what kind of product is this ? i would like amazon to pick up this item and issue me a credit . carol gruber
really wo n't use the tv , but the cd only lasted 5 days and i use it everyday -- had to buy something else
basic connectivity and wireless work . any attempt to use advanced firewall rules fail including vpn passthrough . this device could not have gone through even a rudamentory test cycle . please read the reviews , this is common and these problem were confirmed by my it dept and also by d-link 's tech 's as well . on second one , all of the exact same problems.sad to have made a choice , hope they make it right
had to give it one star because there is nothing lower.this printer was the answer to my printing dreams . for about three months , with light home use . only fault at that time is it is loud . it will wake the dead . which is ok , since the dead do n't have to print things that often , this is the perfect printer for them ... other than noise , a faulty `` load paper '' error kept coming up.then , the paper load went bad . it is very unreliable , and ink cartridges run out very quickly and cost about 10 bucks a pop , tonight , i 'm trashing it . buying another printer tonight ! do not waste your money on this piece of trash
this printer does produce some fine output . that is when it works . the paper feed constantly refues to load paper . the film scanner should have been left off all together ( not worth using ) . i have been looking everywhere for a recall on this unit ( read alot of negative reviews ) . i have been a long time hp fan , but after this experience i am going to look elsewhere . my advice is to not even consider this printer
i just lost my synch adapter and it is on back order everywhere . unfortunately this is necessary to connect to computer and to charge the player . earliest date i can find one is 10/23 due to some shipping problem with creative labs . i 'm at a loss now that the battery is dead . this is the dumbest idea ever . why did n't they design the player so that the cords attached directly to the player ? i agree that you should order a back-up as this thing is so easy to lose and so important
obviously , it 's cheap . but i 've had mine over a year now ... . no it has n't failed , but it does scare me . besides the plastic cracking , the fan is making me nervous . about half the time now when i turn it on the fan make this really loud buzzing noise , which changes frequency over time , slowing down . i have a bad feeling that the fan is not held in alignment well , and that the loud noise is the fan blades scraping against their surroundings ( because it vibrates quite a bit ) . this vibration can only mean bad things for the drive inside , and i 'm not looking forward to the day when my cheapo choice of enclosure causes my hd to crash and lose all my photos , music , backups , etc.currently shopping for a replacement , and i would not recommend this
i ordered two of these . for the first one , neither the firewire nor the usb worked on my imac g5 ( macos 10.3.9 ) . a copy would start , and then hang after a while . i returned it and the second one worked using usb , but the firewire would hang like the first one.a friend has one that works fine with his ibook g4 under 10.3 .
the user interface was horrible . the product documentation was even worse . i still ca n't figure out how to perform a regular scan , no ocr . this was poorly designed , poorly supported . get some other scanner , this one is impossible
one month in the wall and sounds like a expresso machine . my car 's engine sounds better . do n't waste your money . i called sharp and they say is the fan . great , maybe i should remove it and use ice cubes
the problem is i have more than one guitar this one is my least favorite . p.s . has bad soun
this is a piece of junk holy cow is it cruddy do n't even call it a guitar because its not its a bad thing to call it a guitar holy crud `` where 's the tylenol !
these work great initially ... i bought six of them . of the six , four broke . one stopped altogether , one stopped oscillating , and the other 2 would only work on 1 speed . i bought them in may and they broke after 2 , 3 , and 4 months , respectively . they are expensive fans , and i was extremely disappointed in their lack of durability . they were used at night by adults and were not moved around at all . i have had a floor fan for 15 years and it still works without a hitch . these are cheaply put together and your money would be better spent on a fan with a better warranty ( this is 1 year ) and higher quality components .
seldom do i write a review downgrading a product but this one is truly the exception . i bought this one on ebay and thought i was getting a good deal . price-wise , it was great . however , it would appear that the designer of this organizer tried to put so many features into it that it ends up doing nothing well . the directions are terrible . they are extremely difficult to follow . i never could get it to sync with outlook . i fear that today i will waste more time trying to get it to work . i owned one of the first palm pilots and it was child 's play in comparison . in this case , you get what you pay for . do n't purchase this , you 'll be sorry . take care , it 's a time bandit and even if it were to function flawlessly , the design with all of its attempted functions is way too much . punch this button to get to this screen which will take you to the next screen , ad nauseum . do you carry the manual with you . put together in another country and probably by someone not entirely familiar with the english language . truly disappointed with this worthless plastic .
the paper stripes of 1/4 '' are too wide . at times information such as names and phone numbers came out very clear . if somebody is really after information he should n't have much trouble finding it after you throw away your paper
very poor design..would never recommend this product.the connection is so flaky , you will end up wasting lot of time
i have owned the dmr-es40v for over 6 months . it is a combo dvd/vcr unit . i have had sufficient time to become intimately familiar with the pros and cons of the unit . the manual : it is imperative to have the manual . this machine is somewhat complicated , and frequent trips to the instructions is necessary . if everything is working correctly , you can usually find the instructions that you need somewhere in it . it is overly time-consuming though , since the items do n't seem to logically flow . if you dig long and hard enough though , they are in there somewhere.the set-up : being somewhat experienced at setting-up a home theater , this was generally easy . the text and pictures were sufficient . searching through the function menu , i learned that to perform the same action and different levels required using different imput buttons . this is needlessly confusing . of course the auto clock set function is n't very accurate ( i have n't seen an accurate one yet ) . dvd playback : the general playback is pretty straight-forward . i really miss some of the extra playback features that are on my jvc progressive player ( which is 3 years older ) . finding a scene in a movie is comparatively difficult . a zoom feature is missing . many convenience features are not present . dvd recording : recording onto a dvd-ram disc is a dream compared to old fashioned vcr tapes . i really enjoy using them . a quirk -- you must have the unit in stand-by to record from the scheduler . this mandates that to watch a recorded show while recording another ( on the same disc ) you must wait until the unit begins recording , then select the show to watch from the navigator . the uhf tuner has some trouble recording somewhat weak signals from channel 19 . other weak channels record but not 19 . this problem started about 6 months after initial set-up . there is an annoying bug with daylight savings time , and the newer extended time period . the panasonic web site suggests going into the set-up menu and unchecking the dst box ; thus removing the feature . if this did anything , it would allow you to set the clock manually . being without the automatic dst adjustment would not be annoying , but even though you turn-off this feature it still resets your clock twice a day at noon and at 7pm est . this ruins any tv scheduling you had set . this malady persisted until the date of the former dst spring-ahead arrived . several weeks of scheduling hell ! i requested assistance from customer service but never received the telephone call that was promised . no message , no number to call -- just a promise to call again when i was home . the vcr use : this feature is really buggy . you are supposed to be able to eject a cassette with the remote ; but this only worked for a month or two . when a tv show is scheduled for recording the unit wo n't tape it if you merely insert a cassette . it does n't recognize the insertion of the cassette unless the tape has been made to move -- either playing a little or fast forwarding/reversing . this is really annoying.last impression : the last movie ( last king of scotland ) i watched took over the machine . the remote control would not function , the disc would not stop , and the disc could not be ejected . it was necessary to unplug the unit , restart it , eject the disc , and totally reset all menu items -- which were randomly reset to various settings . worse some settings are no longer selectable . one other movie would not even play in the machine -- forcing me to use the trusty jvc unit . i must say that this machine has many of the same problems that are still occurring in the new units from what i read at this forum and other ones . these units are being released for sale way before they are ready for public consumption . i recommend looking elsewhere .
the write up sounds good , with many options and features , but after closer examination i had to take it back . first thing , it appears that the front dv plug was an after-thought for panasonic , it 's a rinky-dink plastic flap on the opposite side of where the main av/s plugs are located . this is often done at the last moment of production where they add a newer feature to an older designed unit , retro fitting it in wherever . the tiny `` button within a button '' toggle switch for fastforward , reverse , etc looks like it 's glued on , it wo n't last long with normal use , and it 's hard to use and in a bad place on the upper corner of the unit . the menu interface is difficult to navigate . the remote control is horrible , a real bad design for those who want to navigate quickly without looking closely at the buttons to figure out what button to push for each of the basic and most used features . you might want to pass on this one , remember the saying `` if it sounds too good to be true , it probabily is
i watch lots of show and some time wants to record good show while watching it also . if properly connected thru satelite dish to this unit and to tv , is this unit record the show while watching the same show on tv ? ( some of the units can not record while you are watching the show , tv has to be off ! ! ! ! ! !
operates as described but lacks browser for use in pay for connection environments , poor battery life , need to have it fully charged every day even if you did not use it the previous day . needs mute function . volume could be louder , too . i would wait and buy next generation
the product description in january 2007 is inaccurate : batery life in the standby mode is about 20 hours , not 60 ; there is no hands free speakerphone ; if you use a standard plug-in headset , the microphone does not work ( tested two units ) .there is more : the headset is very loud ( you have to listen with the phone an inch away from your ear ) , but there is no volume adjustment ; the microphone has low sensitivity , so you find yourself yelling into it ; the clock resets itself when the power is turned off.i returned mine
this product has the potential to be tremendous , but due to poor packaging design the inside of the plastic was scratched . that absolutely ruins the ipod video experience , now that there is lcd glare exposing all the scratches.also , there is a big 'rhigo-skin ' logo on the front , which makes the case even that more distracting.i 'm sure that it is n't polycarbonate because it scratches with my fingernail . what a letdown.p.s . if you are buying the 30gb version of this case , it will double the thickness of your setup
this keyboard folds out well and i liked the feel of the keys.however , the ir connector needs to be in direct connection with the ir port in the pda . for the ipaq , this port is at the bottom of the handheld . the 210 degree arm does not rotate to this area . in order to have the proper connectivity , you have to turn the handheld on its side . this then requires another software program download ( not freeware that i can find ) to rotate your screen to the landscape view , unless you can read sideways without getting a headache.before buying this product , check your handheld to see if your ir port is between 4-8 o'clock - if so , this may be a difficult keyboard to use
i bought this as a replacement for my stowaway when i replaced my palm m105 with an hp ipaq . the palm-stowaway combination was an excellent portable alternative to my laptop and i used in nearly every day . after my positive experience i expected my new ir keyboard to function the same way . what a dissapointment ! i can forgive the large size of the keyboard but there are several aspects of this keyboard that have made it intolerable to me . i found the keys did not always respond leaving me with multiple errors to fix in every paragraph and the split space bar has been a constant source of irritation , i usually hit the solid piece of plastic in the middle instead of one of the keys . the little plastic arms on the stand do not hold the pda at all securely , even bumping the table can knock it off , and i have taken to using an elastic band to keep my ipaq in place . the `` mouse '' arrowpad is a nice idea but does not justify the loss of the arrow keys . finally the backlight does not stay on while using the keyboard and there is no backlight control on the keyboard ( unlike the stowaway ) . i will be replacing this keyboard with another after a much more careful search
this very expensive cable is already in the package if you purchased the forerunner 201 . you wo n't need this unless you somehow lost it . damn , it is expensive ! this is a cable for goodness sake
i purchased this because i have to do a lot of math online and was hoping i could use this for that purpose . also i was hoping to be able to use it for taking notes . so far , i 'm not impressed . the pen is a crummy little plastic thing and not very satisfying to use . it is actually very uncomfortable -- particularly when you consider you have to press very hard to get your entire note set to be recorded . talk about writer 's cramp ! i 'm also disappointed that you ca n't write on it and have it instantly displayed to the computer interactively . my fault for not understanding the functionality better but i thought this could double as a writing tablet . i ca n't speak to the size of the paper since i have n't tried any other size . in general , a big disappointment and 90 dollars that i would have been better off just setting on fire ! another item destined for craigslist.p.s . -- to the reviewer who was wanting handwriting recognition -- my pad did come with a trial version of a package that would convert to text . of course , that was of very limited use since the stooopid thing failed to capture my handwriting accurately in the first place . but the capability is there..
i bought this printer based on its good reviews . it does print beautiful photos but i have n't used it that hard for it to have failed so soon . canon said they will send me a factory refurbished replacement for the body only . the problem began with a squeak in the rollers and yesterday it would not feed the paper properly . after several attempts to get it working per the instructions in the manual i contacted canon . they ran me through a test with the machine after which they said the only thing they would do is send the replacement body
any pictures that i have printed with the color cartridge have come out too dard
i ca n't say the reason , but this card blocks all the time , after some days without use . for unblock it , i have to take it out many times and clean contacts . then , without knowing exactly what worked , it begins to function .
i ' writing this eview onthe nwkeoard tht i picked up a few urs don stop redingdue to th numerous misspellins and rors . that 's the kyboard , nome ! ! i'mt ba to to y na o y n acino esr i ia.ok , switching over to a wired keyboard ! ! the above mess was me trying to type on the microsoft 6000 v2 keyboard ! ! i 'm taking it back to the store asap ! ! according to the programs , i have a full signal on both the keyboard and the mouse while typing , but you see what comes out ! not once have i had a low signal warning or anything . i just get random intermittent letters to appear . now , perhaps it 's because the receiver is back by my monitor and the keyboard is on the keyboard tray , but my goodness ! this thing is supposed to have a range of 6 feet . i measured and they 're about a foot and a half apart ! ! i type for hours on end per day and have been typing `` properly '' for about 16 years . i type much too fast and much too frequently to be able to deal with such random signals ! ! another thing i noticed about the 6000 ( and actually was concerned with it while i was trying it out in the store ) is that it makes my fingers feel cramped . perhaps it 's due to the curve of the keyboard and i 'm just not used to it yet ( although i have used split key ergonomic keyboards and never had a probelm with them . the 4000 felt fine ( even though it has a somewhat awkward layout ! ! ) no matter what , that thing is going back ! i 'm far too agitated to keep it ! oh , there are some neato plusses ! i love the shortcut keys . it 's nice to be able to just hit one key and get my e-mail , my music , my pictures , or whatever else i assign the keys to . i had gotten excited about that feature , and will be sad to lose it ( even though i only had it for about an hour . ) better luck to the rest of you
viewing the internet this monitor was great . when i tried to play a movie , dvd disc , mpeg , avi , anything . the picture was terrible . very bad pixilation . i was told it might be the video card . i bought a new card xfx geforce 7600 gs , for another $ 150.00 . same quality on films . i tried latest driver from xfx , from nvidia , etc . changed screen resolutions , everything you could think of , i tried . the picture for viewing movies was terrible . i hooked my old 15 inch monitor back up , the picture quality for movies is great . i have returned this monitor , now i have to wait for a refund before i will try a different monitor . the black light bleed is very bad . if you watch films on your monitor , you ca n't help but notice it.ps . amazon was great about refunding shipping . amazon is the best online store there is
malfunctions:1 . the port for connecting to a pc became loose and unreliable , frequently disconnecting while i was trying to transfer music.2 . the little knob stopped working properly : it was no longer possible to fast-forward.3 . finally , the screen cracked for me and no longer displayed anything.design issues : it would be nice to be able to access music by id3 tag ( i.e . artist , genre , song title ) .it takes a long time to start up , generally ~20 seconds but up to ~2 minutes if you just changed the music on it.it 's nice that you can delete music on the player without having to connect it to a computer , for instance if you have it on shuffle and you come across something that you never want to hear again . however , the interface to do this was so inconvenient ( including audio playback stopping and long lag times ) that i rarely used this feature in practice.the earbuds that come with it did n't stay in my ears well ; i bought new ones.good things : i loved the fact that it had an fm radio and a voice recorder ( the reasons that i bought it ) .it 's easy to access the hard drive from any computer , without any software needed.the large storage capacity proved fully necessary.you can change playback modes with a single button press ( shuffle versus ordered , all songs versus current folder only ) .my basis for comparison : i 've also owned a creative zen jukebox ( which i liked a lot but which i sold because i wanted the fm radio and voice recorder on the iaudio ) and , currently , a used fourth generation ipod , which has been working well so far except for some occasional quirks
after my trusty archos player 's display broke , i figured i upgrade and get me a 60gb iaudio x5 . as a journalist doing interviews , i was also very giddy to get the line-in to record interviews straight to mp3 . a friend of mine loves his player , so i did n't even flinch when i saw the price.ever since then i regret my decision.apparently my player has a software problem . it speeds up all my mp3 files . i tried several different programs to rip the mp3s and always got the same thing . that is when i was actually able to upload mp3s , because oftentimes i received error messages and the player refused to do as told.so what then : upgrade the firmware . sure . if you can make it work and i could n't . the description online is poorly written . but it 's essentially like this : start with a fully loaded battery . unplug the a/c cabel and unpload the firmware . now replug the a/c cable and that should tell the player to update the firmware . well all it does is conclude that the battery is n't full anymore so it better recharges and does nothing else.i.e . i could n't get the firmware to update and i tried for the last hour.therefore i 'll take the player back to the store and ask for a refund . and i 'll get another archos - and continue to live with its misely 20gb
i 've owned two of these now . the screen 's great and i love the wireless headphones -- terrific for very small children . our 2-year-old drove to new mexico and back ( well , we drove and he watched videos ) with this thing . unfortunately , both units broke after less than a year of use . the first one just stopped working ( with a dvd permanently trapped inside ) . the second one just developed an intermittent white-out and screen noise that 's happening once a minute now . so i am reluctantly abandoning this nice but very poorly made product and trying a different one . all of these little players seem to have reliability problems , so my main advice to everybody is buy the extended warranty and make sure the warranty you buy will work swiftly and easily with no hassles -- you will be cashing it in
my wife dropped the original remote and it quite working . it turns out there are pcb 's inside and one surface mount connector to the other board came loose so i resoldered it and it worked for a little while , probably until the next time she dropped it.i bought the updated remote and one drop was all it took to disable the receive part of it also . could not find the problem this time . it still transmitted , but eventually quit transmitting after the alarm was on . i unlocked the truck manually and every time someone opened or closed a door the alarm would go off and i could not start the truck . i messed with it ( while in the parking lot of an amusment park ) for a long time and evetually got it to stop , probably by entering valet mode , i 'm not sure.do n't waste your money on another $ 100 remote . i am shopping for a remote that is transmit only without the lcd . should be more reliable . my suggestion is to buy a system that comes with 2 remotes : one lcd and one simple . better yet , buy a system that does not have the feedback , or 2 way , and save a lot of money and headache . you wo n't use it anyway
i bought one of these and it broke the first day i used it . amazon replaced it for free , but for no good because the second one broke soon after i got it too . very poor laminator . i went to office depot and bought one from xerox and it works much better
the phone was very annoying . everytime i tried to call on the phone , it would not connect . i would have to either change the channel or just not call . i was only able to connect to the number i was calling once in the 30+ times i attempted to call . i returned the phone and went and purchase a different manufactured phone . consumers report was very wrong in their rating of this phone . the phone was terrible !
i purchased this item to record lps into my computer thru the input on this device . it sounded worse than recording through the mono microphone input that was built into my laptop . had same experience with loud right out of the box too - startled me out of my skin ! mine did n't come with any disk although the box mentions software . then again , i bought this from an amazon 'partner ' from amazon . spend your money wisely and get an imic . i 'm going to
the only good thing about this product is its price ( i saw it being sold at $ 160 on some other site ) . there are several shortcomings though : - the greatest drawback is the complexity of the menu . there is no 'home location ' . also there are only two navigation options available - shortest time & shortest distance . so if you are caught in a traffic jam for example , there is no 'detour ' function . also , you can not see the next few turns when you are navigating . hence you can not plan if you immediately need to turn right after a left or vice versa.- the maps are probably very old . i used this device in nj , va & mn . in every state , i faced problems multiple times , when the unit did not know that the road bifurcated ahead & it would not tell me to keep on left/right , or it would ask me take turns when there were none . - the unit was very slow in calculating routes ( i dont know how the sirf star iii chip helps ) . also it would freeze often & i would need to reset it at critical junctions.- the viamichellin website is only dedicated to europe . when i went to register my product , i had to register it in viamichellin uk , since there was no option for us ! i dont think they have any support for the us models.- the pois are very less compared to other competitors within the same price range.i returned this product after trying to make it work for 2 months . it was great on part of amazon to accept it even after expiration of return policy ( although they deducted 20 % restocking fee ) .
i really tried to like the via michelin , bought it with every intention of loving it in march 2007 . but i feel compelled to tell most of you to `` keep shopping . '' i bought it due to the excellent price , small thin size ( compared to garmin ) . i thought `` how bad can it be ? '' i ordered it and had it shipped to my door , then took off on a 3400 mile trip with it . this is because my other gps units were in other cars , with other family members already on other trips . i bought this one as a budget gps , optimistic that it was new and had the sirf-iii chip . but before long , i hated this unit , all the criticms of other reviews came back to haunt me , and i will tell you about it below . first , please note there are a few positive reviews for this unit ... .but have you noticed they are mostly all people who have no experience with `` other '' gps units ? or they did n't spend much time with it before they reviewed it ? or they have n't had experience with gps in 4 years..which is like a century in terms of how fast this technology is changing ? for positive reviewers , if this is their first `` newer '' gps and if they are comparing it to a car navigational gps of 4 years ago , then yes , it is quite a bit better . but compared to the new units like mio 310x or the tom tom one ( both of which i own ) then the viamichelin has a `` horrible '' user interface , and is horrible to use on the roads . tomtom and mio , often finish what you are typing for you , they are intuitive and programmers have polished them . but the viamichelin is very non intuitive , absolutely dangerous to try to use on the fly . sure , we are not supposed to use them while we drive , and with this one it is truly dangerous even when you learn the complicated system . so most of the time , you have to pull over and work on it . but it is no fun , and even you program it , if you go to another screen it `` loses '' it and you have to program the history all over . you will soon be frustrated with how many steps this unit takes to do anything , and how `` lost '' it often gets . i will try to give you the pros : pros : small form factor , decent screen , sirf 3 chip . navteq maps . four hour battery life . good price for a sirf-3 chip unit.cons : horrible non intuitive software program , clunky , multi step interface that will make your life horrible if you are in a rush or emergency ... or even if you are not in a hurry . horrible speaker..volume so poor and speaker so poor , you ca n't hear it with any road noise present ... seriously ... turn speaker up all the way while driving..it will crackle and is illegible . i read this in a review , but honestly did n't believe it until i owned it . third , unlike any gps i 've had , this one literally tells you to `` start driving '' before it can tell you which way to go , when you 've routed it to the nearest store , etc . think about that ! it means sometimes you have a 50 % chance of making the right choice as to which way to go ... then if you guess wrong , it tells you to turn around and go the other way ! seriously ... that one feature should be enough to make you say `` no '' as most gps will at least tell you to `` turn right '' from where you are parked or `` turn left '' but this one will say `` start driving '' without any direction ... .because it ca n't seem to route until you drive onto a road . it ca n't do it from a parking lot ! it already will have the satellite location ... that 's not it..it 's a software bugaboo i think built into the programming . it makes you `` start driving '' because it ca n't find your location or know which way you are going..until you start and it routes the direction you are traveling . bad software design for sure . when you go to canada , you have to have installed ( on another sd card ) the canadian map ... .very inconvenient when you cross the border . navteq maps could not find many locations on coastal maine . literally , we were driving on coastal roads it said did not exist . i found it very slow recalculating trips when you missed a turn ( much slower than my mio 310 which was purchasd last year , or tom tom one which was purchased this year ) and this recalculation problem in busy city traffic , caused us to miss several critical exits . want to find poi 's on the run ? forget it . too many steps and illogical organization compared to other major brands . it often could not find even local walmarts ... one 's that have been there for 20 years . i 'm serious . i parked in front of walmarts that it could not find ... very old walmarts . to be sure , garmin , tomtom and mio do not list all walmarts , but at least they get 4 or 5 out of 7 in my home town . not so via . in several towns in maine and connecticut , i parked in front of rows of old stores that had been there for years . punch in local stores on the difficult to use poi list , and it ca n't find any of them . also , punch in or look for stores like nearest walmart ... .mio and tom tom had no problems finding several..or the nearest ones it knew about from your location . but with via , it has to be within a certain distance from you..or it will not show up as existing . so ... .you then have to figure out the next town and search from that location , to try to find the store . very , very clunky ... .ca n't tell you how much trouble that is . it 's so simple on the other units , you get spoiled with the garmin or tomtoms . this one makes it so hard and still ca n't find the poi 's . no gps finds all stores ... .there is a limit on poi 's , of course . but it seems the via programmers spent their time gathering addresses for bank atm 's and not restaurants , shopping , etc . believe me , once you 've used it on a trip , it 's organized to make you believe the programmers never actually used a gps themselves before.i ca n't say enough about how `` difficult '' the interface is ... .and when you go `` back '' or `` forward '' to another screen , it often loses where it is ... and you have to start all over again programming where you are going , going through multiple difficult steps . when you lose power , again , you start all over . when i bought it , i read some of the negative and positive reviews and thought ... .how bad can it be ? i thought the complaining people are probably not techie and are complaining for no reason . wrong ! the experienced gps users are the ones that know just how clunky and bad this software interface is compared to the sleek garmin or tom tom interfaces . example : on one trip , my daughter began to throw up , and we had to find an emergency medical treatment facility ... .this clunky interface made it very difficult to locate one . when you are panicked , you want to quickly find the nearest hospital . this unit makes you put in the town , etc . if you are further than x miles or so ... like when you are on the interstate ... .so you are literally guessing which town to search to find a hospital . which is horrible . i had this happen before and with the mio , about 3 clicks and bam you have searched and found the nearest hospital ... one more click and you are routed to the nearest hospital . truly , i am sad to not recommend the viamichelin . i really recommend you `` pass '' like some other reviewers have suggested . and i recommend you to buy the more rapid , easy to use mio with the great screen , blazing fast sirf 3 and calculating chip , and loud-clear-speaker . if you are tech challenged , buy the garmin or tomtom 's with their awesome and easy to use software interface . but do n't buy this bad speakered , horrible interfaced , poorly designed , buggy unit . on paper , it looks like a killer unit . but in reality , it is an unpolished clunky paper tiger that is horrible to use . finally , there is the `` fun '' factor . the tomtom one is fun . the mio is fast and fun , a pleasure to use ! even the newer garmin 's are fun with their simplicity ( i hated the screen on some of the old garmins . ) but the viamichelin x-930 has no fun programmed in ... .it is not a pleasure to use , although it will take you across country . believe me , the pleasure of the low price will quickly fade once you start working with the unhearable speaker , unpolished , unfun , clunky , interface with poorly organized features and disorganized poi 's and menus . the polished quick intuitive menu is where garmin and tomtom shine . the only thing better on the viamichellin is the screen and sirf-chip ... some of the older garmin 's use an older satellite gps chip than the viamichellin , but new tomtom 's and via use the same gps satellite chip , but faster software routines and cpu chips . but even the use of the sirf-3 chip on the via michelin , can not make up for the poor software and menu design . theoretically , this thing should be blazing fast , but it is much slower than my tomtom or mio . the only thing better on this unit than the mio , is that the via is smaller and thinner . and maybe the navteq maps might be slightly better for some locals . but other than that , the mio wins hands down , by far a faster , better and easier to use gps in my opinion . if you are looking for software ease , go garmin first , then tom-tom , then mio , and via last . if you are looking for value in a great unit then go with the mio 310x , it 's a killer unit and it 's hackable . but if you are looking for simplicity i programming where you are going , go with garmin first , then tom-tom . i tried you mr. viamichelin , but you need to go to `` finishing school '' like the other gps students . you are just too unfinished and rough
i was ( wrongly ) advised by tech support to buy this instead of waiting for a new supply of power supplies from voodoo . be sure your computer is supported , because targus tech wo n't give you any info about voltage , amperage or wattage on this thing , so you ca n't safely maake it work with an unsupported computer . so amazon , as usual , graciously took it back . love amazon . i just now read the other reviews and now consider myself lucky i did n't keep it and try to make it work
the pci bus does not have the bandwidth to get you gigabit speed . you will be very lucky if you can get 300 megabit speeds on a pci gigabit card , even with jumbo frames.your motherboard has two pci busses , and sometimes has three . depending on the chipset and the manufacturer , the internal devices like the keyboard/mouse/floppy , internal network , usb , firewire , and more , will be on one bus or the other bus and often both busses . you will have to run sisoft sandra or pcitweak to figure out which of the devices are on which bus and experiment with which slot to plug this card into so the card can get all the pci bandwidth it can get , but that will not be close to gigabit speed , either . best case on 33 mhz pci is 300 megabit.even if you can find which pci bus has the fewest bandwidth-consuming devices on it , the 33 mhz pci busses in all consumer pcs can not handle the bandwidth of this ( or any ) gigabit card , anyway . if you want true gigabit speed get a motherboard that has built-in gigabit or get a motherboard with 66 mhz pci , pci-x ( not pci express ) , 64-bit pci , or similar , but you 're going to pay lots of money for that.worse yet that built-in gigabit interface might still be on a 33 mhz pci bus and always sharing bandwith , giving you less than 300 megabit speed . it probably shares with other devices so you have to do your homework
this product costs too much for being such poor quality , i can literally just pull the cord apart bare-handed without using barely any force at all . and after it 's torn apart there is no hope of repairing it , no matter how much time , effort , and thought you put into it , it 's impossible . i 'm pretty sure that it 's inability to be repaired is just a marketing ploy so you will buy another . the only good qualities these earphones have is their sound quality , and their comfort . the sound quality sounds a little better than the normal ipod earphones and you can keep them in your ears for a very long time without your ears getting sore . but if you plan on using these while you 're leading a busy , active life , i guarantee that they wont last a week . i heard that these earphones are the best ... i found out that they are indeed some of the worst ... and sadly i found that out the hard way..
i purchased the cyberpad 8.5x11 digital notepad with the expectation that i would be able to digitize my sketches and notes i made at work . unfortunately the product did not live up to my expectations . the first unit that i received did not function , the usb connection to the pad was defective ( the connector would not insert all the way hone ) . i returned it and received very promptly a new unit which at least functioned . as far as being functional that is another story . i proceed to try to use the it in either using the memory in the pad itself or using it directly connected to the computer . either way the unit produced images that were useless . the lines that look fine on the paper pad were incomplete or missing in the digital version . drawing a straight line was impossible even with the help of a straight edge . i let a friend try to use it and he had similar unsatifactory results . unless this performance is a function of this manufacturer 's design , i would say that this is one technology that is not ready for 'prime time '
i have never written a review like this before but felt compelled to do so in this case . those considering purchase of this printer should be aware that the claim that it will work with pict bridge connections is not true . i purchased this for my wife thinking that it would be a nice compact simple printer to operate where we could easily print pictures of the grandkids . she and i both have newer nikon digitals and the pictbridge connection will not work with mine at all . with hers , we can make a connection and , following drections carefully , we can get it to 'energize ' the printer but the printer will only print intermittent photos and not of good quality . the printer will not pull the paper though properly . ( we have even changed batteries in the camera to no avail and had a tech savvy son-in-law look at it . ) i read reviews by others , but feel this printer is simply not reliable . i wanted to share our bad experience with those of you evauating a purchase.in my opinion , canon should be more forthcoming with claims about interface with other cameras . i 'm in the process of trying to return it to amazon . we 're going to buy an hp , which i should have done initially.thank you
the product seems like a great idea , however , it did not come with attatchments for an i-pod , which is the reason we bought it . called the company to get the adapter and now need the mfg part number . it has just been a hassle
j & r packs them so poorly that over half of them were shattered beyond repair upon arrival
i 've found the befsx41 ( v2.0 ) to be very problematic . with firmware version 1.50.18 , some distributed network software such as bittorrent will cause the router to reboot itself every 5 minutes , bringing down the entire net . with the newer firmware version 1.52.10 it fixes this problem , but within a day starts to block or deny connections to our web server ( passthru tcp port 80 ) , making the router totally unusable . tech support was friendly and helpful , and the only solution they could come up with was to rollback the firmware to 1.50.18 for our websites , and upgrade each time to 1.52.10 whenever we had the need for distributed networking . so now we upgrade/downgrade the firmware sometimes several times in a single week , and each time we do it brings down our net.i 've also found that some of the setup options are restrictive compared to other brands . you can not assign a static ip to a local computer by specifying its mac address . instead you need to set the ip of the computer manually and this makes things very difficult for our laptops that need static ips . also , it appears that you can not map two different external ports to the same internal port number , even though they map to two different computers . this makes it impossible , for example , to allow remote desktop access to two different local computers at the same time
there is something quite wrong with the laser mouse 6000 , the shape is not right , it 's kind of shallow . i have to be conscious every time i grab this mouse so that i do n't to hit the side buttons . all in all , terrible
i 've rarely had bad experiences with microsoft mice or keyboards . usually they tend to have above average design and put thought into the product.they evidently did n't hire the `` good '' designer to work on this product however as this mouse has 2 glaring faults. # 1 : the shallow height and shape of the mouse is such that it offers no support for your hand whatsoever . this causes hand strain and inconsistent hand placement as you use it . you never get the feeling that your hand is in `` the right position '' . # 2 : the side buttons are in brain dead locations . why this is i have no idea , as other microsoft models put the left side button right where your thumb would be if you move your thumb up slightly ( the way it should be ) . on this `` gaming '' mouse the left thumb button is much too far forward causing you to have to practically re-adjust your grip on the mouse just to press it . couple this with problem # 1 and the lack of surface contact with your hand causes the mouse to skew under your hand as you press the button thus turning your player to one side when you did n't intend to . just what you do n't want when throwing a grenade.the right button is sort of click-able with your pinky and is actually the more accessible button , but it feels more due to luck than planning.i have to wonder if they even tested this design with any gamers at all before putting it out on the street.i give it 2 stars because for the attempt at wireless feel with the thin cord , and it looks visually appealing . calling this a `` gaming '' mouse however and charging a premium for it is a joke you should spare yourself being the butt of.rating : not recommended
i purchased this printer for it 's fast printing speed and long life in toner and drum , but it 's really been a let down . the printer has this habit of creasing and wrinkling the paper on the first 2 pages of every print out . so now i have to send 3 copies of everything i want to the printer , wasting paper and ink . i 've tried different kinds of paper , and every troubleshooting option offered to me by the fine folks at brother , but it continues to do this . i 've looked around the internet , and found this is a common defect in the 5240 and 5250 models . it 's really an inconvenience , and now i have to purchase a new printer because it 's such a pain . if you love to be frustrated and angered over print quality and paper use , this is the printer for you . otherwise , avoid at all costs
after purchasing the item in december 2006 it didnt take even a week before the troubles started , it kept freezing after switching it on and took quite long to rebuild the data . at one point , ( after two weeks ) i lost all my data . despite downloading the software from the website the problems didnt disappear and i am basically left with a promising player which doesnt even allow me to listen to music without frezing.since then i am struggling with creative technical support team as there is advise given to charge my battery or download the software from the website ( which both is not been of much help ) this player hasnt been much of use to me yet and i deeply regret having paid 360 usd . i gave it 2 stars because i was able to watch 2 movies while waiting at the airport and travelling , this was quite a pleasure
there are no instructins of anykind or anything with this item , and it says it is also a 5 gig mp3 player , well it comes with no software or anything else . if all u want is speakers to plug in its your bag if u want more forget i
consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in samsung dlp televisions . cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing . ( as a non-techniocal person i should have no idea what these parts are , but alas , i bought a samsung dlp ) expect these to fail within 1-2 years . expect to pay approx $ 400 to replace the color wheel and $ 200 to replace the colling fan . that is , if your service technician can find them in stock anywhere . these parts are commonly in a national backorder because of the very high failure rates . you should also expect the lamp to fail sooner than advertized . many people need to purchase a new lamp between 1-2 years , and some more often than that . the lamp costs approx $ 150- $ 250 depending on your model , but you should be able to replace it yourself without too much difficulty . this cost will be in addition to replacement costs for the color wheel and colling fan . please remember that these maintenance costs are recurring , and you will have to fix them again in another 1-2 years.while i was very satisfied with the quality and performance of my dlp , my color wheel failed very early . i called tech support to report a grinding noise , and was told to `` turn it off '' , wait 15 minutes , and turn it back on like this would fix the problem . after doing this for a while , the color wheel finally failed , actually shattered ! now i am out of warranty , and samsung wants nothing to do with me . i have even tried ordering the part myself from two different online vendors , and they are both backordered indefinitely ! it has been 6 weeks and they have no estimate for when this part will be available . samsung can not even give me an estimate when the supply of replacement parts is expected to meet demand . i have had my tv for 18 months , and apparently there is a national epidemic of them breaking at the same time ! i have a 42 '' samsung plasma which is a beautiful set along with a 26 '' crt . both are wonderful products , but samsung is selling dlp lemons and will not stand behind them . dlp is a great bargain up front , but a maintenance nightmare ! you will pay in the long run , and by the long run i mean every 2 years . if you still want to purchase a dlp television , please buy the extended warranty ! it will save you a ton , but you will still have to wait for the circuit city tech to find parts which may take months ! i expect samsung to abandon their design flaw riddled dlp sector , and focus on their beautiful plasma line . expect dlp prices to drop even further , but please ... look before you leap
i would never buy this tv again or a samsung product for that matter . i obviously purchased a lemon , have had two different service calls to come out and try to fix it with no luck . samsung initially told me i would get an exchange but then got hung up on and when i called back i was told my two service calls only count as one because they were in a 30 day period . how 's that for sound logic . i really like it when it works , but , unfortunately , an important aspect of a tv is that you can expect to turn on when you press the power button .
specs look good . hdmi 1.3a , 1080p , firmware upgrade over ethernet , etc . the unit seems to be solid ( heavy ) and well built.however , toshiba chose to ship this hd-dvd player with only a composite a/v cable ( yellow , red , white rca jacks ) in the box . the best resolution you can get with this cable is 480i , and not even as good as an s-video connection for that ! it is pretty amazing that a high-end consumer electronics device which is advertised for its high-definition capabilities and hdmi 1.3a interface is being shipped without a cable set ( component video or hdmi ) that actually makes it possible for the customer to connect it to an hdtv . i do n't know how much cost savings toshiba gets out of not including a cable that costs less than $ 5.now let 's get to the real review : pros : - one of the best features of this unit is its capability to upscale regular dvds to 1080p . the upscaling is very high quality . the unit also has various noise reduction options that help with some of the poorly mastered dvds.- if the weight of the unit is any indication , build quality is high.- it has an ethernet port for firmware updates ( and possible future functionality ) cons : - very slow boot time . takes longer to boot than my windows xp pc.- especially durimg 1080p hd-dvd playback , the unit gets very hot . make sure your enclosure/rack is open in the back . there is a somewhat loud fan unit in the back of the player.- this player has no zoom/scaling functions for dealing with non-anomorphic dvds , so you have to use your tvs scaling function . kind of a pain since the image quality suffers when the video has to go through two parallel scalers
as the title , it not worth the money at all even at such a low price . the picture quality is bad , very bad . i 'd rather spend this money for other web-cam
i bought a pv-d4744 about a year ago , it worked for a while , now it wo n't read old disks and , even with brand new disks , the chance ofit being able to read the disk are not good , about 90 % of the brand new disks i have triedit wo n't read . i will never buy another panasonic product again .
i got this and installed it . it ca n't read cds or dvds . it ca n't write cds . it can only write dvds
wouldnt buy from this bunch again . the product was given as a gift . my son took it home first week of january when their christmas visit was over . couldnt get the scribing process to work . was told to contact the manufacturers to fix the problem which he did and they couldnt fix . then he tried to return via amazons instructions and after hassling with that was told only the original purchaser could return it and so he asks me to see about it . i am told when i contact antonline that its been to long ( january 22nd ) to return the merchandise . most responsible companies extended their return deadlines for christmas and some dont even have one . wont do business with manufacturer or antonline again . having problems with other amazon merchant returns too and may stop using amazon all together except that i use their credit card alot . guess that can be changed too
why would anyone get this type of charger ? for about $ 40 , you can get an `` isupercharger '' that you can plug into the wall , plug into a car lighter , plug into a usb port , or run off of a 9 volt battery . with the 9 volt battery option , you can use your ipod all you want , even on a long airplane flight or when you are camping . it 's a small , all-in-one design . i do n't want to carry a bunch of different adapters with me when i take my ipod along .
ok so , so i ordered this thing on the 10th and it just arived today ( 19th ) nine days later , of course the last day of there so called `` delivery estimate '' . the package came from walnut california , i live in humbolt county california , i can dive there in 9 hours9 hours ! and on another note the thing doesnt want to worki plugged it in my wall and my i pod shuts off , ok coolit finaly starts to work and i unplug it freezes for a second then ... shuts offits not somthing i want to trust with my $ 300 i poddont buy this thing pleaseyou think oooo 2 bucks for a wall chargeryoull be thinking oooo when it frys , electrocuting you instantly putting you in a coma for the next 20 years of your lifepeople you get what you pay forlove , joshua
i used it once and it charged my ipod only 80 % after about four hours . the next day i tried it again and it simply ceased functioning entirely . this thing is garbage !
egad ! upon receiving this remote control , i found that it requires four aaa batteries . there was no mention of that requirement in the product description ! i concur with the other review writer : the control is top heavy , and i would add poorly designed . it 's thick at the top and thin at the bottom , making it unwieldy . i will be returning this monstrosity
although these labels were functional , i was disappointed as the paper is far thinner than for similar labels i had purchased previously , and these tended to tear easily
the product was shipped to me in moscow . after the first charge , i took it to university where it powered my notebook for two hours . upon returning home and recharging the device , i discover that it will not turn on anymore . i suspect the battery is charging as the led indicates this as it is connected to ac power . however , disconnecting it from any power source , it appears that the ac outlet and usb ports no longer function . the device gives no auditory signal or led message , so i do n't know if the built in inverter is out or something else is wrong with it . either way , i 'm left with a dead device that never supported charging from a 45 watt solar panel anyway . i strongly suggest getting the battery from tekkeon . sorry about the bad review , but i had my hopes for this device as well .
i sent it back . the price was right but the caller id did n't function . when i got in touch with at & t , they told me , maybe this phone is not compatible with the other phones in my home . ( stupid response ! ) i then asked , why would at & t put a phone on the market that 's not compatible with my other phones , i did n't get a reply ! ! ! they wanted to send me a replacement . i told them there is no point in doing that , if , the replacement phone was not compatible with my other phones ! i guess amazon will be sending it back to at & t
the cd payer is made of what feels like a cheap plastic.the cassette adapter was broken after 10 seconds of use . so i called coby . they said i 'd have to pay them to send me a replacement ! my advice , do n't bother buying coby
i bought this for my 12 year old who so far has n't been able to get it to play . ( i have n't either ) before giving up on it , we have to retrievethe directions from his grandmother 's house and read them thoroughly . i'mdisapointed since coby 's have a good reputation
epson 's ink is great but very expensive ! i use a continuous flow system for my printer from mis . just google `` mis '' . ( midwest ink supply )
the card was defective . have applied for refund from amazon and have bought another to see if this one works . hopefully wo n't have to keep doing this too many times ... have already wasted a lot of time on this . pretty frustrating
its a good accessory for archos product , i have 604 wifi . its compatible with generation 4 archos devices . pros:1 ) good build2 ) enough connections to expandcons:1 ) it very much costly as compare to it utility.2 ) it comes with charger which should be a part of standard item.3 ) there could be more cables included in this package like spdif , usb mini cable.4 ) in this cost it could have a backup battery ( extra ) that could be part of ( built in ) the docking station , so that archos device can have longer play time . i think archos has a built in mentality of making as much as money they can , if it is then it would not go a long
i purchased one of these radios before christmas and it works great . i decided i wanted another for work , so i ordered another one . i recived my radio a couple of days ago and had to send it back because the `` preset '' weather stations are off the mark and the only thing i can pick up is distorted and garbled . they sent me a replacement and it too is off station . at this point , i 'm wondering if the first one i got was the exception . i do not reccomend this product unless you just want an am/fm radio , that part works great.this will be my last first alert purchase unless i can try it out first !
do n't buy if you plan on printing often ... runs out very very fast .
i do not do much printing , but the ink ran low after a very short time . it did not last as long as it normally does when i purchase it at an office supply store . i wondered if it had dried out
i loved this printer ! ! the print quality is truly phenomenal ! i had a few issues with paper sizes , too many pieces being fed through , the rear feed slot , same as other reviewers , but looked beyond those because the prints were so wonderful . and yes , i am speaking in past tense of my wonderful printer , because it is dead at the ripe old age of 13 months ! exactly one month after the 1-yr warranty , my printer is `` unfixable '' . and hp wo n't do anything for me ... after speaking to 8 people on the phone ( only one of which i understood fully ) and 3 supervisors , they just said that i 'm sol ... so , yes , very nice printer , if it lasts
i ordered the unit twice , and twice i received a carrying case . not the adapter . i returned both and ordered direct from cobra . when i had called customer support for amazon the second time , i got connected to india of course and was informed that a lot of their codes are wrong . i guess they are trained to agree with anything the customer says .
i burn about 50 cds a week in live music trades . i can tell you from experience that these discs do not last . after a year or so , they start to skip more and more and have all sorts of problems . any scratches that they have only make it worse . i recommend using sony , fuji , or tdk . all the others are cheaply made in comparison and just do n't stand the test of time . so if you care about preserving your cds , do n't use these ones
this is not an xd to compactflash card adapter . if you order this item number , you will receive a pc card adapter that accepts xd picture cards and smartmedia cards and fits your pcmia 2.1 slot on a pc or mac . it is not for a camera or substitute for a compactflash card . there is nothing compact flash about it . the product you will recieved does not look like the photo on amazon 's website
very very not user friendly ... . no instruction to install . worked after it got installed but doesnt work with the wireless internet in my house . decided to resell it . could be its only because i 'm apple-illeterate ...
does not work with non-apple base stations ! i had a powermac g5 . i was told by apple retail store clerks it will work any wireless g access points . but no ! at my house my pc can see no less than 6 wireless ap 's ( some from neighbors , one mine ) . but this airport card can only see one ( which is an apple airport station ) ! tried everything ( googled , set encryption modes , slow downed my linksys wap tranfering bitrate to 2mbps etc ... ) and no luck . returning it tomorrow
we had troubles fromt he start , they correct a type would not work . took to a brothers repair shop and they could not fix , need some parts.. plus when you tried to type letters you would get numbers ... it was the present my daughter wanted the most for christmas and she could not use ... very sad . so i will by another brand at a local store in town .
this typewriter is an unbelievable piece of junk . garbage . do n't buy it - even if they offer it to you for free . there 's not enough room here to list the problems - just skip it . do yourself a favor , and stay away from brother . i 've had nothing but problems with their fax machines and printers as well . do n't know how they stay in business
soon parted ... . very disapointed , bad design , not for the gym which is what i bought them for.. sound is ok , not wonderful ... wish i would have read these reviews before i spent the $ 100 .
i am surprised there are not more reviews on how ridiculous the prices are ! i really did enjoy the ease of tivo from pre-hd days and wanted to go back from my comcast hd dvr . i then saw the pricetag and , unlike the other people ... i can not justify spending that much money for a dvr ! it is definitely not worth it for something i get for $ 8 extra a month attached to my cable service . yes ... i do love the tivo interface and searching , but i will not pay that much for it . it feels like business suicide for tivo to want to sell that product at a ridiculous price . knock $ 700 dollars off that retail price and i might change my mind
a terrific idea : show the current time and the alarm times all at once . very intuitive , very helpful . unfortunately , the backlit lcd display just does n't make the grade . the numbers do not stand out against the bright background enough to be easily readable . the manufacturer 's photo makes the numbers look sharp and clear , but the customer image from wickedpete is much more realistic . the numbers just wash out.it 's interesting that the customer image shows the orange and green backlights reversed from the manufacturer 's image and from the unit i got . i think that would be a slight improvement , because on the one i got , the orange ( backlighting the alarm times ) is about twice as bright as the green ( backlighting the current time ) , and it just looks weird.also , fm radio reception is quite poor . the line cord is supposed to serve as the antenna , but that just does n't work well no matter how i orient the cord . i ca n't tune in a strong station just 10 miles away . so back it goes
i was very disappointed when i got to south america and went to curl my hair and nothing happened . take a look at the product specifications . it has limited use for appliances between 500 and 1600 watts . i had two different curling irons with me - one was rated 85 watts and the other 125 watts . i am not sure what appliances this converter was designed for . take my recommendation . buy the converter by tumi instead . it is twice the price , but it is one piece , easy to travel , and works with many different types of appliances . i am very satisfied with it .
this cartrige never printed any color than red . even after cleaning many , many times ! will never buy another cartrige from them . paying twice the price for one that works is a better investment
the radio for the boom box worked . the cd player did not work . i had to return it to be repaired or replaced . i do not have it back yet
most annoying thing is that i hooked up through hdmi for 2 of my components however this receiver requires you too also hook audio connections as well if using the hdmi ( i used optical ) . what the hell is the deal with that ? at first i thought that maybe if you do that then the receiver wont have to be on to have sound output to your tv or something but nope no sound if the system is turned off as well . hdmi is supposed to make it more convenient , 1 cable etc ... why is this necessary ? ? ? ? ? ? ? secondly my receiver is not working properly . the sound output to the rear speakers is low volume and garbled 99 % of the time . running the auto macc fails out , manually i see that it outputs surround right speaker to the front right speaker ? ? ? ? ? nothing is hooked up to this output on the receiver so nothing should be outputting at all during this part , surround left is silent as it should be . occasionally the right rear speaker will blast out 3 times louder then it supposed to be . adjusting the volume takes it back down to the low garbled norm . if i select the different output options , basically pushing buttons for no reason sometimes the audio will be correct and does sound amazing . i am current in process to return my faulty receiver for a replacement as i do think the receiver is nice if its working , i enjoy the ipod dock that has output to your tv as well.i major concern is something is wrong with there hdmi circuitry and causing my problems and the replacement will be bad as well . i will update when i get the replacement installed .
i bought this receiver to use as a preamp in my system . i based my decision on information as stated on the pioneer web site , and the attractive price compared to some of the other options i considered.this receiver does have a number of good features , but has one serious flaw . it will not display on screen status messages for daily operations , like volume and sound mode , unless you have a pioneer display , and run another special cable from the receiver to the tv ( as a side note , pioneer needs to understand we want to run less cables to our display ) . that means you only get to see the simple set-up screen on your non-pioneer tv , which you will probably use when you first set up the receiver , and very infrequently after that . ( the set-up menu lets you set things like assignable inputs , and audio calibtraion . ) sounds like a small deal , but in many home theaters , including mine , the electronics are not in the line of site ( mine are in a closet just outside the theater with an infrared repeater system controlling everything . ) this not uncommon , many have thier electronics isolated like me or behind cabninet doors , and it means i have no idea what the volume is , what sound mode i am using , or anything beyond the set-up menu unless i go into the closet . bad , bad , bad ! this seems to be a marketing ploy by pioneer to get you to buy pioneer tv 's and projectors , and it is beyond stupid . if this was not the case i would rate this receiver much higher , but it is a serious flaw . it makes using this unit extremely tedious and difficult.this limitation also means , if you have mulitple displays , i have a plasma tv and projector in my theater , you need to run thier special cable to both displays , and both have to be pioneer . again , i have to say bad , bad , bad ! the other features are as stated on the pioneer website , but they are lying when they say this unit has on screen display , and this will be a major drawback for users that do not have the receiver in the line of site when using thier systems , unless they have a pioneer display with sr+ . ( oh yeah , your pioneer display has to be also be equipped with sr+ , thier way of linking the two units . if your pioneer display is not equipped with sr+ , you are again out of luck . did i mention this is bad ? ! ) 25 feb 2007 - addition to reveiw : i called onecall and they will take unit back , but at 15 % restocking fee , plus paying for shipping both ways . while onecall really did nothing wrong ( pioneer is lying about the osd ! ) , it is one of thier vendors and not the customer 's fault either and the customer should not pay for this kind of fraud . buyer beware from onecall , thier customer service on this one was not good
wasted hours trying unsuccessfully to install the driver for the iogear gic251u 5-port usb card on a dell optiplex gx-1 running 98se . ( this computer already has 2 usb 1.1 ports . ) the main problem is that the add hardware wizard does not find a *.inf file in the iogear-supplied cd folder and does not recognize the executable program that is in the cd folder . user has to cancel out of the wizard and execute the driver installation file as a stand-alone program . this results in installation of drivers that show up in the device manager . however , the installation wizard comes up at every subsequent reboot and the user must cancel out of it just to get the computer going.installed card seemed to work ok for a d-link wireless adapter , but did not recognize a digital camera that was satisfactorily recognized by one of the non-iogear 1.1 ports . the following actions did not help . ( 1 ) swapping the card to another pci slot , ( 2 ) downloading and installing more recent driver file from iogear website , ( 3 ) three calls to customer support , where i found sympathy but so solution
manual and i can not find that it supports sacd
the sony mdr-if3000 headphones have average sound quality and are very uncomfortable to wear . perhaps , if one were an elf or a small child , they would fit properly ; however , if you 're like me , a mere adult mortal , they probably wo n't fit you . they would be okay for simple stereo listening , but not the kind of superlative sound experience suggested in the description . if you 're looking for a solid pair of headphones for casually listening to music or watching your favorite movie , the sony mdr-if8000 are vastly superior headphones and well worth the extra money
this is a piece of junk . the radio reception is terrible . fm is marginal and am is almost nonexistent .
the unit was 20ft from the receiver , in the same room , in direct view of eachother ... tivo would n't connect
i have been using this drive for 5 months and recently upgraded my computer to windows vista . as a result of the windows upgrade , this product just lost half its value for me . the drive works fine physically , but the included backup software will not work with vista when i try to schedule an overnight backup ; the software refuses to recognize that you have selected files for backup and refuses to move past that point of the scheduling . as others have noticed here , western digital offers zero support for its software - i can not even find an indication that they recognize there is a problem
when i went to use this product i did n't even have it for a day and the antenna broke
product came broken now your out of stock , and i do not have that credit card anymore.so now what . i would like my money back . address 2655 forest blvd . jax , fl.3224
the seam came apart and the gel leaked out in the first 6 months . the non-skid , underside surface has a peculiar and distinctly unpleasant smell
i purchased this cable as a replacement , and it is far worse than the original i had . there is noticable `` shadow '' distortion . my advice is to buy a higher quality cable w/ ferriete beads . this cable was not useable
i 've been using this remote since it was released . better than any others i 've run into , but when it gets a glitch which all software driven devices are susceptible too , be prepared to give up a couple of hours.when it 's working , it 's a 5 star device , however ... read on as to why i give it a 2.as i type this , my hold time is up to 45 minutes on the phone to 2nd level support . 3rd call today.i simply got a new pvr . programmed ok , but it is n't the default device when i watch tv . also , it took two calls to find out my directv pvr is not a pvr , it 's a `` satellite '' . as a `` pvr '' , it could n't be added to activities because `` you do n't have a device that will change channels '' . news to me . never known a pvr that could n't change channels.literally , 4 friggin ' hours so far and it still not right.at some point , the tv suddenly stopped turning on . 2-3 hours on that issue and it 's still not right . tv does not go on until i hit the `` help '' button on the remote.to add insult to injury , i ca n't access the website . enter my email as an id and am told it 's already in the database . i ask for a password reminder via email and get a message that my email address is not recognized.i hate that the software does n't have a simple `` home '' button . you have to go through several menus to get back to it . hold time now up to 52 minutes . i have to hang up for an appt. , so the hold has to be repeated ... .again . oh yeah ... i also dislike the size of the buttons , especially the numbers . cell phone sized . no doubt designed for a dainty child . i could go on , but if another comes out with a product like this one , i 'll be looking hard at it
issue solved ! i returned the harmony for a full refund . all thanks to my experience with your wonderful support team . after screwing up everything on christmas day ( it was a christmas present ) ) , your support staff said `` level 2 '' would contact me within 24 hours.after waiting 72 hours , i called `` support '' again yesterday . after waiting 30 minutes , i finally got to speak with a real-live agent who `` could not switch me to level 2 without a supervisor 's approval . '' this was after providing the incident number . that took another 15 minutes . i then waited another 30 minutes ( total now 1:15 ) before i had to leave.i tried again several hours later . after being told `` level 2 was not available . '' i hung up and immediately returned my harmony to ... .thanks , logitech . -keit
horrible - the first time i slid my nano into the case it put several scratches on the front ; defeats the purpose for even buying it . i would recommend getting an agent 18 case .
this unit will not fit all lighter sockets . i 've been unable to get the unit to work at all in my wife 's saab 9-3 . the 33185 version does fit
i have the same criticisms as many others . i had to put on rubber gloves to open the battery compartment . after turning it off after the first use , i could n't get it turned back on again and returned it to the store . i loved the size , but i bought a nice wireless by microsoft ; not a mini , but easy to use , a battery compartment that opens without difficulty , and a nifty little snap-in receiver that turns the mouse off automatically . take it out , put it in the usb port and the mouse is back on again . price was comparable , even though i pay a lot more for these items , living in the caribbean . amazon does not ship anything but books , cd 's and dvd 's to the caribbean
if you can make it work or if you are lucky to get a non defective unit : it can only read 1 card at a timeneeds specific usb power requirements ( needs the usb power be +5v and not +5vsb ) else you will get `` usb hub power exceeded errors '' the worst part is that the mainboard i tested is +5v ... and still did n't workthe cards inserted on the lower card slots have to be inserted upside downfrom time to time you can get the message usb device not recognized ... contacted support ... service there = average/not so good ( support forum has several topics complaining about this product ) could n't get a replacement since 30 days tigerdirect warranty have expired , ca n't send the unit to ultra because currently i 'm outside the us and as i stated customer service is not good.bottom linedo n't buy this item
the sennheiser pmx70 had excellent sound quality and volume compared with others i 'd used recently . i had high hopes on first listen . however , these semi-in ear headphones were moderately uncomfortable after only about 20 minutes . i later took them on a 40 minute run . the design is such that in any position i adjusted them , the speakers tilted slightly upward in my ear . once i started perspiring , my sweat poured right into the little speakers . i had to stop every few minutes to shake the collected sweat out of the earpieces . the right speaker was filled with sweat and non-functional pretty much the entire run . who designed these ? consider these headphones only if you 1 ) never plan to exercise while using them and 2 ) will be keeping them on for 20 minutes or less
i bought a netgear wg311t wireless card to replace one from another manufacturer that had failed . first , i coudl n't get a connection to the router . two conversations with tech support in india produced the information that i had to download a new driver for windows xp-sp2 from the internet . i installed the new driver , which allowed me to connect to the router , but not reliably to the internet . a third attempt with tech support produced the suggestion that i change my web browser ( i 'm using ie ! ) instead , i bought a linksys card , which worked straight out of the box . do n't buy this product ! if you 're not convinced , go to the netgear user forum and read the horror stories there
i bought this hoping it would cure my busted superdrive on my g4 imac but when connected via the firewire it would freeze any program i was using to burn cd 's or dvd 's . i thought it might have been a messed up product so i returned it to lacie and got another one but the problem still persisted . i then thought it was my computer , but the firewire ports worked when connected to my old ipod and even worked when connected to my lacie external hdd . finally figured that the product was defective after i purchased the sony drx-830 dvd burner and that burner worked perfectly when connected via firewire . this product however worked when connected on the usb port but the burning speeds were so slow that it was just about useless
everything is fine and dandy except the fact that it does n't come with the usb cord to hook the printer to the computer , and that is a little important . also , i have windows vista , and the printer is not compatible with it , i have to download a patch , but that was my own fault . i guess you get what you pay for..
this unit satisfies in its gps functionality , but is problematic elsewhere . when i decided to purchase a gps , i decided to spend the extra money and get a integrated handsfree bluetooth unit for my phone ( motorola razr v3 ) . the bluetooth connection was easy to set up and reliably would find my phone and connect . unfortunately , the bluetooth connection would disconnect after about five minutes , even though the 6000t would still show the unit and phone as connected . customer service was no help ... . it seems their script only includes the instructions `` download the latest software '' ( i already had ) and `` reset the unit '' ( did n't help ) . second problem : the unit started turning itself off randomly ( actually , it went into `` sleep mode '' ) while driving down the road . the customer service response ? you are correct ... . `` download the latest software '' ( i already had ) and `` reset the unit '' ( did n't help ) . i finally complained loudly enough that they told me to send the unit in for repair ( at my expense , of course ) . i received it back and the bluetooth feature was not repaired . their solution for the unit randomly going into sleep mode ? they turned off the power management so the unit would not go into sleep mode under any circumstance . well , i suppose that is a solution , but a pretty crappy one since , if you forget to power down the unit manually when you leave the vehicle , the gps battery will be totally drained when you get back in the car.i expected much better at this price point . shoulda gone with garmin
first few weeks it worked , and now we really needed it when driving in remotes areas , 3 hrs away from home through a snowstorm ... ... .it gave up working and we never were able to turn it on again , ... ... .we didnot take a map , as we were sure with this navigation system we would be safe..however we felt pretty unsafe and lostvery frustrating and we are very disappointed with this recently expensive magellan navigation system , and with amazon as a usually depending sourc
i bought this because i wanted an encrypted device that i could use to offload personal documents i receive while traveling for work , and then read them using my mac ( s ) at home . lexar jd ii is the only product i found advertised to work with both macs and pcs at the same time . my primary mac is an intel mac . early on i realized the encryption utility only runs on ppc macs . okay , so i figured i 'd use it on the ppc mac mini , and everything seeemed fine at first . then i hit a problem where my mac mini could not read video dvds . a little search on the mac support forums , and i found that installing lexar jd software disables video dvd support on my mac ! fortunately there were instructions on how to uninstall.aside from the problems with the macs , i also hit the problem another reviewer mentioned , which is that you must be logged in as a local administrator to use the encryption software under windows . since my work pc is a member of a domain , i had to create a local account , log off the work domain and back on as a local user to use encryption anyway . kingston data traveler elite works fine under windows domain logins , unfortunately for me they do n't have mac software yet . so in summary the current lexar encryption software : - ca n't be used on a windows domain machine- ca n't be used on an intel mac- breaks the dvd on a ppc macit 's not for me ! however if you are using the lexar strictly on stand-alone windows pcs , or you do n't require encryption , it should be okay .
not at all what i wanted . it is a plastic slip on that pushes the buttons when you do n't want them pushed . ordered 2 and plan to return them . i usually do n't even bother to write a bad review ; i just do n't write one , but in this case i 'll make an exception . yuk ! actually , i rate it at a `` 0 '' but there was no `` 0 '' selection .
in my opinion : i own a ton of panasonic equipment , most recently a dvd recorder . i was using sony dvd-rs with no problems , but , being a panasonic person , i figured panasonic must be better . in order to save a few bucks , i joined the panasonic club at the panasonic website , and ordered a spindle of these same type dvd-rs . i did this on 9/20/06 . i made several phone calls and emails to find out where my discs were , and , believe it or not , nobody at panasonic could tell me why they had n't been shipped . then , i was promised that they did ship , but i never got them . after being talked into placing a duplicate order by a panasonic rep , i did n't get that order either . i finally received one order on 10/16/06 . they were so poorly packaged that the holder was broken . now , i finally had my discs . guess what ? they were only 1-8x speed ( the sony discs were 1-16x speed ) , and my thermal label printer would n't print on them because of the finish . i had been assured that i could print on them with a thermal printer . i did burn a couple of movies , and they worked , but i saw nothing special that i can report . it gets worse : i logged into my panasonic club account , and saw two charges i had n't made : one for $ 10,017 and one for $ 915 . i fell off the back of my chair . to this day nobody has called me , but i managed to get some email responses , and i was told i would have to watch my credit card - that 's just what i need ! you know , sometimes you buy a brand and think great things about how wonderful a company it is , and then one day you have some dealings and realize how wrong you were . i 'm going back to sony , and let me tell you , amazon customer service blows away just about every company i 've dealt with ( sorry about the preposition ) . i should have bought on amazon .
i am glad i purchased my cardscan 700 , but there are some significant unfortunate missed opportunities and because of that some important functions can not be done at all . my impression is that this is the best product on the market , due to its scanning properties , which are quite good . there are some serious deficiencies though in the rest of the software which would be nice to have fixed , and which in some cases render the device somewhat useless , since the output can not be transferred to a useful place.pros : it does a pretty good job of scanning . the algorithm is well developed and is actually quite impressive . even cards that catch and rotate as they go through , producing a funny smeared image , have some of their contents scanned correctly . the superiority of this recognition software is the strong point of this product . there is also an ok database management product that one can use to maintain and look up cards . operationally the product is especially nice- i can just sit there feeding cards in and typing carriage return after each one , glancing at the screen to catch errors . the card image is retained in the record in the cardscan database , which is important . cons : 1 ) the exit path has places that cards can hang up , and they can catch as they go through . this happens fairly often unless the card is new and flat , so part of the operation is to try to prevent that , by straightening out bent corners ahead of time , and by adding a little force keep the card from catching and rotating as one corner goes forward and the other is stuck . quite needless- if the exit path was smooth and continuous , this would n't happen - the problem is in the rear of the plastic case . 2 ) although the product retains the image of the business card , there 's no way to pass that through to outlook or export it to any other format . this is very unfortunate . i could laboriously do that by hand by cutting and pasting each one , except that cardscan software does not permit copy / paste functions on the image . why not ? it 's easy to implement . 3 ) every time i start the program it harasses me about registering , even though i 've been specific that i do not wish to . it also harasses me about logging in the online backup facility even though i 've asked it not to do that . it therefore ignores the user wishes . 4 ) the data exchange function allows only extremely crude export to a file , in a simple text or csv format . there is no way to create an outlook format .pst file , which would simplify importing , and allow for the future option of including an image . outlook can hold an image in the comment section of the record , but apparently cardscan folks are n't even close to thinking about this . 5 ) if i indicate that a data export for a file is destined for outlook , the field names are not set up correctly , so unless i do some heavy editing of field names , nothing much other than the contact name gets across . if i export directly to the running outlook program , it is n't perfect , but it 's close enough to be usable . why did cardscan get one right and not the other ? ? in neither case can i send the card image over . 6 ) i was forced to install microsoft .net software even though i intended to do all my exports via files . i did n't get a choice- if i did n't install .net , the installer stopped and exited without installing any cardscan software .
this is a cheap cable in both cost and quality . when connected between my voodoo3 3000 card and my mag innovision dx17f monitor , the picture quality was poor , with severe `` ghosting '' of the screen . this cable does not have the cylinders on each end as most monitor cables do . i assume the lack of these cylinders is what causes the degradation in signal quality
we 've been through 2 generations of this phone and they suck . why we gave them a second chance i do n't know . the buttons that get used the most stop functioning after about a couple of years . then it 's off to the landfill . i am fed up with this trend in products to stop working after a limited amount of time . so long motorola
my first two black 15 cartridges worked pretty well in my hp deskjet 3820 then the third one started to indicate low fluid level and stopped printing . i replaced it with a new cartridges but it refused to work at all . while repeatingly trying to reinstall it as tech support suggested , the etch tore . when examing the inside of the printer , i found that black ink had splattered around inside the mechanism area indicating a leakage . the next new cartridge would not work either . $ $ wasted . tech support said to have the printer repaired -- ya sure ( after only one year of moderate home use and the warantee had ran out ) . printer repair would cost me more a new one
beware -- this unit does not work with toshiba laptops . tech support is non-existent . you will never get through on the phone . email support is non-existent . you will have to wait weeks to hear back . if it does work with your laptop , this unit does a great job of recording and playing .
these speakers are big in size but short on performance . except for the price tag , not much else excites one about them . they make a good surround sound system with the sony 3 speaker set for surround sound , but for listening to music you are better off with a set of good bookshelf speakers with a decent sub . these speakers lack bass inspite of their size , and sound quality is poor at higher volumes
i found this paper on amazon as an accessory to the olympus camedia p-400 printer . this paper does not fit the p-400 because this paper is too wide . thus , with the p-400 , this paper is useless
item is advertised as working with all rino series but it does not work with the rino 53
please be aware of an important issue with this cable , even though it is recommended for the etrex gps series it will not fit their flat 4 pin connector.i had to return mine and bought one at the local rei
this was terrible . i returned after hours with tech support and days of email exchanges with apple support desk . the product will probably be better with future software updates , but in my experience , it was fairly unreliable in its current state . examples of problems : would n't download drm managed content online , had problems when downloading itunes purchased music ( the first time i 've had that problem in 4 years of ipods and itunes ) , could n't connect to my corporate vpn , and finally , just as evidence of the lack of qa on this device , the included instruction manuals were for the previous version of the apple extreme . the images were of the previous white , button-shaped device.this was a genuine disappointment , and it seemed to stem from bad software and bad qa . others seem to have had more success , but i 'm back on my 802.11g airport extreme and all problems have magically disappeared
i spent two days tried to have it formatted by my powerbook g4 and set up a wireless network to replace my microsoft wireless router . no luck . it is on the shelf ever since . people at the genius bar in local apple store may be able to help but it is too much troubel.to set up other routers with a pc you can easily hire some one to set it up for you at your home for a couple of hundred dollars . not apple . if you do n't have time do n't buy this product .
i got this for christmas 2004 . played 5 dvd 's on it and started to get the `` no disk '' reading . i only had it for 1 month . i sent it back and they are replacing it since it is under warranty but they are replacing it with a different model . we will see if it has the same problems . according to reviews of the 1700m model i expect the same . i suggest you spend a little more money and get a better dvd player
i bought my wife a nuvi 350 for her birthday last august ( overall , we love the nuvi , but the mount ... no ) . the biggest `` advantage '' of the nuvi over other gps systems is its portability . unfortunately , the suction cup appears to have been designed to subvert this feature . the cup sticks to the first window it is attached to very well ... and then wo n't let go . when we tried to transfer it ( after being attached only a couple of days ) , it left pieces of itself to the windshield and was very difficult to reattach to another windshield ( though with difficulty and repeated tries , we have been able to move it ) . what this means is that you need a mount for each car you want to use this in . the mount and the charging/power wire ( which you will also need since it is cumbersome to remove from the mount ) are pretty darn expensive ( $ 60-70 ) which is ridiculous for a `` portable '' system
i do not think suction cup mounts work very well . this one is no exception . while attaching and detaching my garmin nuvii is easy enough , the cup does not support the weight . i was disappointed that a friction bag was not available for my nuvii . however , i was able to jury-rig an acceptable if less than pretty compromise . i ordered the friction mount , removed the screws on the bottom , detaching the mounts that would not fit my nuvii , and stapled velcro strips purchased at walmart across the base of the suction cup into the friction mount . i have been cross country using this system and it works . the garmin portable friction mount for gps 010-10306-00 combined with the suction cup is a much better solution than the cup by itself
i called garmin tech support yesterday ( 10/17 ) , did wait about 15 minutes to speak to someone . i called in the morning so it was n't a long wait . since my nuvi is still under warranty ( 1 year warranty ) i requested a rma for a replacement suction cup mount . the tech asked how it had failed -- mine also had melted to the windshield so i had to rip it off -- and responded like he was very familiar with the problem . he also mentioned the rubber material of the original design was defective and that they had a new rubber material design and would send me a new one . i did n't have to pay for it and should get here in 7-10 days
the item is good , the sound is decent but i tought than a refurbished item was an item that you can hardly say it 's used . the speakers i got did not look good at all . scrached and dirty , you can see it was used for a very long time . no too happy about this item
when it works it does extend the range . however , every time you turn off a wirelessly connected pc and turn it on again , the pc is not assigned an ip number . unplug this extender , and the pc is assigned an ip number by the router without any problem . a brief power blackout will cut ip numbers to your wirelessly-connected pcs . i purchased this particular d-link range extender because i wanted to ensure that it works well with my di-624 router . i wasted my money buying this device . it 's useless , and it 's too light to even serve as a door stop..
i have the luxury of writing this review a little bit further out in the technology cycle than most of the others , so i can say : just get yourself a better wireless router.based on the reviews here , several online fora , and my own personal experience , i can confirm to you that you have about a 30 % chance of actually getting this to work , and you might get that percentage up a little bit if you keep returning defective ones and trying another . but why bother ? at this point , there are higher-power routers , high-gain directional antennae , and there are even products sporting 802.11n , which inherently has a better range that -a , -b , or -g.if you 've gotten into a situation where your router is inadequate for your needs , research and get yourself a top-notch router with good broadcast power -- i would strongly recommend against trying to remedy an inadequate router by trying to add this product to your network.i understand that my suggestion may be more expensive , but i am seriously saying that you will avoid wasting any more than necesary of the precious remainder of your time on this earth . definitely hours ( if , by some miracle , everything works on the 12th or 13th try ) , and probably a couple of days ( assuming that after 24 or 25 tries you send back the first one and try again with a new one )
this device is much bulkier than it needs to be . but an even worse offence is that the device can not control the ipod . the ipod plugs in to the back , and you have to turn the unit around to reach the back to operate the ipod . it is the most ridiculous thing when you have turned off the power to the video unit ; then turn it around and find that the ipod is still playing and will continue playing forever unless you turn that off too
other than the power switch is not easy to see , the most issue with this microphone is the sound quality not that good . use this microphone to record music for sure will disappoint you . even using it for church meeting recording , you would not get excited for its sound quality.if you can tolerate the size of sony ecm-ms907 , you may like the sound quality of that microphone . if you like a small lapel microphone with true voice , try the akg wms-40 wireless system . our people are much happier with the akg wireless microphone than this one .
why not sell the thing with a battery , it 's a special battery , not available in the boonies , so i have a choice ... .drive 30 miles or wait another week for a battery to come in the mail . iknow , iknow in the text it does say battery not included but who reads that ? so for the folks who read this ... buy a battery too ! ! !
it was n't clear from the packaging that this does n't work with the newer ipods with video . i had to search the internet ( after i already purchased and could see that it clearly did n't fit ) to find this information
the thing would n't even fit around my handle bar ; i had to zip-tie it on . a waste of $ $ .
i 've owned the new v.3 product for over a week and have still not been able to unlock it for use . customer service is worse than i 've ever experienced . they wo n't commit to calling me back and have suggested that someone will be working on the problem and i should continue to keep trying the unlock process until it works .
i truely wish i had found the prior reviews for this product before i bought it . unfortunately , i am now stuck with a product that will not start and will not run on my pc , running winxp2 ! ! do not buy this product ! ! support sucks all around and there appears to be no fix now or in the near future to get software working ... i lost $ 100 bucks on this one ! !
i 've had this scanner for 6 months now . it worked ok the first month , but since then it loves to `` eat '' paper . it scans multiple pages at once . for example , a 20 page document , becomes 15 pages one scanned . i have to scan the same document multiple times ( sometimes up to 12 times ) until the scanner finaly scans each page . it gets to be very frustrating , actually , it 's the worse piece of office equipment i ever purchased . otherwise it works fine
the `` lp-to-digital recording system '' is nothing more than a record player . just a vanilla , run-of-the-mill record player . you still need a sound card in order to record your lps . most builtin ( on the motherboard ) sound cards have very poor audio input , so this product is not suited to its advertized function.i am reminded of the `` solar clothes dryer '' product of a couple of years back - the box contained a rope and some clothespins.the software is awkward and hard to use , not at all intuitive . it also requires the user to register on the net and donate their privacy . any buyer would be better off getting audacity ( freely available on the net ) , which is easy to use and has the same features.i do not recommend this product .
this linksys stuff simply does n't work . and do n't try getting technical support - it 's a complete waste of time . if you ca n't google the solution , just take the stuff back.the adapter install took out my tcpip stack , even for my wired connection . it took me 3 full days to figure out that i needed to remove any sign of linksys , odyssey , and funk software from the registry , then remove and reinstall the tcpip stack . linksys support could n't even get me a promised registry cleaner after 28 days , a dozen emails , and 5 separate phone calls.linksys support is just embarrassing . do n't be caught having to depend on it
i have purchased the card for my 3 years old toshiba laptop , which has a wireless card ( b ) so i thought it is time to go faster . i have connected to various access points with it , but for the first week i could not get it to connect to internet , so it would see the networks but it would not connect at all . after installing the latest driver i connected to internet , however even it shows a stronger signal than my laptop 's card it is very very slow.plus , it did not see some of the networks , which i could see with my laptop 's card . the tech . guys have been very kind , but their advice did not help.i am very disappointed .
my title is my review . the thing worked for a week . after that it would n't power up anymore . chinese junk
i purchased this cable and the pins were weak and clumsy . i could not even plug it in and one of the pins broke . i threw it away . it is a piece of junk
i was ( wrongly ) advised by tech support to buy this instead of waiting for a new supply of power supplies from voodoo . be sure your computer is supported , because targus tech wo n't give you any info about voltage , amperage or wattage on this thing , so you ca n't safely maake it work with an unsupported computer . so amazon , as usual , graciously took it back . love amazon . i just now read the other reviews and now consider myself lucky i did n't keep it and try to make it work
i had the tx-sr304 . everything sounded great . however , certain times when i played my dvd , the onyko produced a loud high-pitched ear-piercing sound . sounds almost like a record scratching . the most common times it made this sound was during the dvd menu , when it replays the music theme . the receiver would transition from dolby digital to stereo then back to dd again , then making that loud sound . everything was great , but this one problem made me return this item , which is a bummer because i would have kept it otherwise
amazon was great about shipping this product , but i eventually returned it due to several problems . they were also great about the return -- they paid the return shipping and i got a full refund.i never tried any recordings with this card using the media center software that is part of windows mce . i was using it with snapstream beyondtv 4.1 . if you record using anything but the best ( dvd 720x480 ) quality level it would crop out part of the picture . this is a known issue that is apparently a driver issue . the latest hauppauge driver did not solve the problem . the other problem i had is that several times when i was recording two programs at the same time , one of the recordings had nothing but static for the audio portion of it . i do n't know if this was a problem with the card or beyondtv , but i think it 's probably due to the card . i do n't know if i had a defective card or if this is just a problem with all of these cards . i also was not that impressed with the overall quality of the video this card captured . i have hauppauge 250 and 350 cards in a couple of other pcs , and the video quality they capture is noticeably better than that captured by the 500 card . after reading some reviews , it sounds like this is the case for the 150 card also ( and the 500 card is basically just two 150s placed on one card ) . beyondtv works great with the 250 and 350 cards with none of the issues noted above ; but i also only have one tuner card in the pcs that i use these cards in , so i ca n't comment on how well they would work in a dual tuner setup using beyondtv . i returned the 500 card , and i instead purchased two visiontek xtasy theater 550 pro cards . thus far i 'm not having any of the issues with them in beyondtv that i was having with the hauppauge 500 card -- i can record at a lower quality level with no cropping , and i 've had no audio issues so far . the quality of the video is also far superior to that captured by the 500 card ( although maybe not as good as that captured by the hauppauge 250 and 350 cards ) .
i bought this hub less than 2 months ago . it has stopped working ! if i plug it in , it is no longer powered.do not buy this p.o.s . !
this phone stopped working just right after i threw all the packing material away . horrible , horrible static . non user friendly buttons as well . i wish i could have returned it . do not buy this phone
the sound quality is fine if you are in range . the dual headsets work as advertised , in other words:1 . you can not talk on both phones at the same time ( instead , you can transfer a call to the other phone ) .2 . the range is not great ( though i have no complaints with the sound quality when in range of about 30 ft ) 3 . the voicemail alert system sometimes indicates voicemail even though you have none.other than that , it 's a phone that only needs one phone cord and works for a small household
make sure you know that these will work with your camcorder before buying . apparently , they work fine with sony camcorders ( the packet too says so ) but not with canon . also , it 's incompatible with my new panasonic camcorder too . interestingly , it was displayed as a combo offer when i bought my panasonic camcorder , which is the reason why i bought it anyway , but got duped
these discs do not work with my canon camcorder . i think the label should inform people they may not be compatible with certain devices
when outsite temperature is around 0 celsius degrees or below , and the car and the unit it 's not yet warm enough the detector acts very strange , it gives sudden false alarm like k 1 2 3 4 5 5 5 5 5 5 55 5 0 0 0 , ku alarm 1 2 3 4 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 in spots where when it has normal temperature gives no alarm . and sometimes when on the highway , from nothing it gives a sudden alarm of strength 5 5 55 5 and then nothing my old cobra had no strange alarms like this one and it was smaller . the spiral coil it 's not good to short , you need a straight one maybe the scale would be better if it was from 0 to 9
tapes are cheaply priced and the picture quality offered by them is even cheaper.i say if your doing everyday recording and dont care about the quality these tapes are for you.but if you wan na save your favorite movie or show jvc or fuji is the way to go they both offer incredible picture and sound quality
switch did not work with my samsung 191t monitor . customer service people were slow to respond and were not helpful
the apple remote is included with the imac g5 and works great with it and front row . however , for the ipod , it 's almost useless . the lack of menu navigation capability using the remote is crippling . in short , do n't buy this remote , look at other non-apple remotes that are more full-featured
this antenna is too directional dependent . almost always i have to re-adjust its orientation to obtain better reception on any one channel . in addition , if you live in an apartment very close to or surrounded by adjacent apartment blocks , forget about this antenna . given most of the previous reviews , it will probably work okay if you live in small buildings
i 've had my micro for over a year now , and when it worked , i loved it ! however , i 'm having the notorious ear phone jack issue ; the sound is output in layers , and i am constantly trying to `` reposition '' my headphones to get full sound . my husband called creative labs for assistance , and he was told that it would cost him [ ... ] per month for a `` customer service subscription . '' after reading these reviews , it seems we 'd be paying creative labs [ ... ] so that they could tell us there 's nothing they can ( or will ) do . next brand , please ...
7 out of the 25 disks would not write . i didnt much care for the product considering this factor .
i can not speak for all devices , but this was a total failure in my case . i am a fast typist , and it seemed that about 20 % of the keystrokes were not picked up by my treo 270 . this was simply unacceptable , so i immediately returned it . i can not determine whether the problem was due to the keyboard , the software , or my old pda . newer , faster pdas might have a better success rate , but the potential for problems will still be there . my suggestion is to buy this somewhere with a generous return policy so that you can return it if it is a mismatch for your pda
pros : cheapcons : bad video quality . moving diagonal lines are clearly visible
purchased cobra 75 wx st all-in-handset mobile cb about 1 year ago . easy installation , up-front controls , very convenient . six months after installation speaker in mike failed , could only get sound through external speaker , using external jack . repair shop said it would cost almost as much to fix as the unit cost .
i purchased this mouse 5 months ago and it has been total frustration ever since . the buttons on the sides are not easy to access or use . but most frustrating is the way the two main buttons perform . when i clicked on them they end up double clicking which caused a lot of problems with retrieving my email messages . i know some may be thinking i have n't configured the settings correctly but i went over it several times and could n't get it to work right . what 's even more frustrating is the support at razer is non-existent . they never responded to my email questions which i submitted several times before giving up . i ended up buying a wacom intuos 3 tablet which works amazingly well and gives me so much more . i am a commercial illustrator so it is the perfect mouse/pen tool for my needs . do n't buy this product . i would have given it a negative 5 stars if that were an option . at $ 43.65 , it 's a steep price to pay for the frustration and a complete waste of time and money
i use the extension cable that came with the adapter to extend the gps-360 device further down the dashboard . this adapter apparently ca n't sustain the weight of its own extension cable leaning against the clear plastic cradle . i 've only used it twice - first time , it snapped off the back half of the cradle and the second time finished off the front half . the connector sticking out of the adapter still works with the cable , but i 'm going to try and super glue the cradle back together before using it again . i do n't want the connector to snap off next
this cable looks nice , when you do n't linger on a digital channel . what happens to me is that if i leave the tv on a digital channel overnight , the next day it will be a split screen mode , showing double image of the broadcast . to fix it , i have to change it to a non-digital channel and switch it back . i guess it is possible that it is the cable box , but nothing happens like that on the component outputs
returned it . would n't work with vista and a canon mp780 and it certainly wo n't work with mac os x clients ( note : the product does n't advertise support for mac ) .why is it so difficult for manufacturers to create a wireless print server that works with multifunction printers
true to its name it has high sensitivity . too much that on a very smooth surface this mouse becomes live.start moving in all directions.on my couch the mouse is dead.if the surface is smooth the mouse laser is too sensitive.but when the surface is soft or rough the mouse gets stuck . the paws/foot of the mouse is sticky.not sure if this is a defective but really hate this mouse ... .i am returning this product.even at the slowest speed it is difficult to click a checkbox on the screen .
[ ... ] the mouse is larger than needed and lighter than the average mouse . i have dual screens and need an extra accurate mouse . this is not it . unfortunately with this one , the sensor does n't stand still . my screensaver hardly ever turns on because when the mouse is just sitting there , the arrow jumps in all directions about 2-3 arrow spaces around . do n't be fulled by the laser technology in this particular mouse . my old optical was better .
i 've had a very difficult time finding an alarm clock with the bright indiglo light . so i was happy to find this one . however , with my first `` eagle '' the alarm did n't go off . amazon was great about the exchange for a new one ( kudos ) . my repacement is a disappointment in that sometimes the backlight wo n't light up and i have to hit the clock on the bottom to get the light to go on . i second the others raters who have complained about the bad viewing angle . the loud alarm almost gave me and my wife a heart attack the first morning , but i put a piece of scotch tape over it and that seem to tame it enough .
this phone would not charge for us - we had to send it back for a refund
i have this setup with my new laptop that runs vista premium . the device installs ok and it works with media center . it 's great for watching tv , but if you have scheduled recordings and you like to have your machine be in `` standby '' mode until it 's time to record , you may be disappointed.when coming out of standby , sometimes the tuner is recognized and at other times it is not . when it 's not recognized , i have to unplug and then replug the device in order for it to be recognized.because of this , i have missed several recordings.i contacted pinnacle support and their recommendation was not to use standby .
why pay $ 46.75 for this battery when you can get the same thing made by another manufacturer ( impact ) for only $ 19.95 at b & h photo and video . i have both the the dl-150 pentax battery that came with the camera and the impact imdl150 . i ca n't tell any difference between them other than the price . camera makers make a hugh profit on propritory items that can be obtained elsewhere at much lower prices .
bought this product to stream hd media from pc/usb storage . all though advertised on the box and website it does not play the hd media . i tried to play the media from all 3 available inputs ( 802.11 ( wireless ) , ethernet , and usb hd ) and several formats that are supported ( avi , mpeg2 , ts , mp4 ) . the hd movies were choppy at best . plays all other non hd videos without a problem . divx videos as well ( even though it does n't say it plays them on the box ) . worked well with 500gb usb drive but not needed . would not recommend because hd feature is useless . dlink technical support said to take it back to the store . there technical support grade is d- .
the new ipods do not have the connections to work with firewire . so this cable will only charge the new ipods with video . besides this this is a good product for the ipods
i purchased this from amazon based on the description that a long lasting rechargeable battery was included . however when it arrived , there was no battery . upon questioning amazon about the battery , the customer service rep said he could give me a $ 5 credit for the batteries . i asked how the battery could only be worth $ 5 . he said that is what aa rechargeable batteries go for . the bag is ok , but do n't order this if you are expecting a battery specifally made for compact printers
after few months it just stopped working.also , it is not rechargable , and need to replace batery every 1-2 week
computer brain sent the wrong product right before xmas so the present that i intended had to be shipped back and it is jan. 16 and i am still awaiting the right one . so i do n't even know what the product is actually like yet
purchased thinking it was gold-plated as advertised but actually is not . quite noisy - settled for a monster stereo ( male-to-male ) cable instead
i love the idea of this product , and i loved working with it . i created a great layout that looked fabulous on screen . but unless you have an epson printer , it is very difficult to print out a great copy . my hp deskjet could not handle the supplied photo paper , so a friend printed on his lexmark for me . it worked better , but still had a few problems . more paper should be included in the package in case of printing problems because after several printing problems , we ran out of paper and i could not find the same photo paper in any store ; i ended up buying a second package just to get more of the same paper.next time , i will make a book using the ofoto site -- much more professional looking ( 2-sided ) and just as cheap
i bought this cable to connect 50 '' plasma tv to computer . when we connected the cable with tv we could not get it to display computer screen . we spent 2 hours with plasma manufacturer on telephone troubleshooting the connection . at the end , at our dissapointment , we found out that the cable was defective . when we tried different cable everything worked
functionally , the ifm is great . i like to use it for workouts at the gym to watch fm transmitted tv 's . however , the construction is extremely cheap . i bought two of them and both fell apart . one fell apart the second time i used it . the construction is so cheap that i could n't put it back together because the controls do n't line up . i wish there was an alternative but i ca n't find one . i like being able to switch between ipod tunes and fm , but will have to carry two devices from now on
i just received the printer . in trying to set it up , i realized there is no computer to printer cable included , nor any explanation of what kind you need . you have to bail out of the setup and solve that little dilema
price reflects quality . poor sound quality , no features , not that easy to use . do n't waste your mone
when i first got this camera , i was satisfied . it is complicated to use ( definitely not intuitive ) because it does so much with so few buttons that you need to scroll through endless screens at time sto do what you want . however , it took pretty good pictures . however , soon after the warranty expired , it began to overexpose pictures and we could n't stop it from doing that . we tried to contact fuji but have gotten no response . my wife found that this is a common problem ( overeposure and lack of response from fuji ) , which is probably why they have a lot of refurbished ones to sell . hopefully , they have fixed the problem but i would n't bet my money on it . this camera has given us more frustration than it is worth
received my camera today ( 05/22 ) and all items are not in the box . i am missing hand strap , ni-mh batteries , battery charger and cradle adapter . worse part is i did receive a usb cable but it is not the right size and does n't fit . this is very frustrating . how do i get the missing items
camera died after firmware upgrade using the ethernet port to perform upgrade as dlink recommends . i bought from ebay new and dlink refused to replace or repair . so beware if you pay several hundred dollars make sure you buy it from a authorized dealer or dlink want work on it or even attempt to help you get it repaired . think twice about buying dlink because down the road you may have to throw it away regardless of the price you paid . need to research other brands and see what their repair policy is after warranty , from unauthorized seller , or buying used .
i 'm not a system analyst , so i need really clear instructions for any new device . i bought this camera 1 year ago to use as a home security camera which i could view from the internet at my office . troubles i encountered : 1 . ) set up was impossible . i finally figured out that i had to disable the wep on my wireless network thus inviting all my neighbors to free internet connection . i was n't willing to do this . 2 . ) i could view from the internet within my home network , but not from my office . 3 . ) had to convince one of my company 's it system analysts to visit me at home and trouble shoot the camera 's system . took her 3 hours of guess work but she successfully set it up and keep my network secure -- which worked until i had to reset my router . 2 weeks of use in one year.4 . ) i have never been able to have the camera send `` snap shots '' to my e-mail or ftp folder . d-link tech support confirmed that i was setting it up correctly ... but the feature does n't work . i was told by d-link tech support that i may need to disable my internet security program . no can do.5 . ) d-link tech support may not have access to this product- they are not able to respond to my inquiries . they would send me answers- but not to the questions i asked ! 6 . ) the weather protection cover is not designed for wireless antenna and has been out of stock each time i have tried to purchase- so i have not been able to install on the outside of my home . it therefore must be used inside which is not what i need . i could have paid < $ 80 for an indoor camera . every so often , when i have a few hours to burn , i drag it out and try to make the thing work . for the couple weeks it was viewable on the internet it provided a nice view of my home , but it was n't useful without snapshots or any type of archived image documentation .
there is absolutley nothing wrong with the car charger . it works fine . however the fm transmitter has 2 problems for me . 1 -- the connector is not long enough to connect through many of the protective cases made for zune so you have to take it out of the case . 2 -- the signal is very weak and did not work for me in either of my cars . i ended up buyin a cassette adapter which worked much better and there was a 100 % better sound quality
reception is not that great with the stock rubber duck antenna and also the press to talk button and the channel changing buttons are way to close together making it awkward to use , would not buy again .
this mic is a piece of trash ... i bougth it and you have to shout to be listened..es una completa basura y una perdida de recursos
our company bought two of this model in 2005 for our new branch office . after we set them up , it works just fine . we did n't use any of the advanced features at that time . after reading the user 's guide and online forum at the linksys web site , we found out that there are a battery inside the router that is not user replaceable . you need to send it in for replacement . sure enough , we now have two routers that ca n't retain any configuration settings . they all reset to factary default all of a sudden , one after 1 year , the other after 1 and half year.also note , we updated one of the router to newest firmware , which prevents any kind of connection from the internet . needless to say , my boss is really crossed with me because i was the one recommend the model
i 'm sure it would work well somewhere , just not for our small business . i put it behind an adsl router and used it to authenticate pppoe . it was a bear to get it set up this way and when it finally was , it worked for about 2 weeks and then just disconnected . after hours on the phone with tech support from linksys and the dsl router people , nobody could help . while it connected , it did work very well , it just did stay up . too bad
very disappointed in this phone . i have an early generation uniden phone ( without answering machine ) that was a total joy.this turkey has weak audio and ear-piercing intermittent static.if you bother to look at earlier reviews , you will see that this is a common problem with this phone.avoid at all costs
it was time to get a new cordless phone and i bought this because it was on sale , and featured hard number buttons -- i find it more difficult to dial phones with soft , squishy buttons . bad decision . you ca n't hear anyone even with the volume set to maximum , the answering system is just as bad in terms of registering voices , and apparently no one can hear me . i plugged in my headset to the jack , and they can hear me , but i ca n't hear them . there is static everywhere -- you ca n't use it in range of fluorescent lights , tvs , computers , speakers , etc . in a small house with compact fluorescent bulbs everywhere , try that ! this phone is worthless and if i can return it , i will
my cyberhome portable dvd player worked for all of 1 day . it is unable to play dvds or cds of any type . also , if you charge the battery according to manufacturer specs , it will completely drain out within 24 hours . i attempted to get service from cyberhome to no avail even though product is still under warranty . their support number is unreachable as is their support email address . attempts to locate the company via the web were unsuccessful . this would have been a great product at a great price if only it had worked.purchase at you own risk . check out the manufacturer web site . you have been warned
product name is the same but outlook is totally different from the picture on the web . in addition , no `` all region code '' supportted ! i will return it asap .
i bought this antenna hoping that it would improve signal strength as they advertised 6db on the box . the performance was worse than the original 2db antenna that came with my wireless adapter . back it goes
i have just now tested my signal strength at various locations with the d-link di-624 router 's original antenna , and with this one . the hai6sip made no difference whatsoever at any location , regardless of its orientation . it 's going back to the store tomorrow
i purchased this battery as a replacement for the original battery in my cordless telephone . although i fully charged the battery upon arrival , it will not hold a charge for more than 24 hours . i would not purchase this battery again
the radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- i cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the station and volume when in the case ; i ca n't believe the case did n't come this way -- and that 's just the start of the problems . the dials are fussy and it 's not easy to carry this radio , even in the case , without nudging the dial to the point you must remove it from the case -- if you have n't cut any slits in it -- and re-tune your station.in minneapolis-st. paul , wcco am radio comes in fine in a suburb 15 miles from downtown . but that station has howitzer power . forget about tuning in virtually any other am station in the city . granted , i did n't buy this to listen to fm or shortwave . it was to be an inexpensive radio to listen to baseball . with the minnesota twins having moved from wcco , that wo n't happen , as this radio is incapable of pulling in the twins ' new am radio home , or any othe am signal in the area . that 's really difficult to imagine , being other radios i own -- even chintzy giveaway promotional radios -- can pull in most any station in the metro area.if this is an example of grundig 's work , i 'd say they rely more on their brand name than their products .
i must say that i had to return my atdec wall mount , cuz it 's made in a cut corner way that should be rejected . vesa measurements are 75mm or 100mm , and usually 100mm we would be using . this atdec wall mount has one piece @ 100mm , but the second part is only 75mm , so it has the smaller 75mm screw-ins . on my 2 lcd pc monitors , the monitors had 100mm screw fittings , so i was forced to put the 75mm piece of the mount afixed to the wall . this made the piece on the wall set in w/ small distance between screws . ifelt unsure , and after turning my wall mounted monitor on & off a few times . the wall mount 75mm piece started to loosen . do n't buy this mount . peerless is a far better unit to get for yourself
i do n't want to rate this product , since i have n't used it . i had to , though ... i just wanted to share with everybody that this product still does not come with a charger . i received them , left them unopened upon not seeing a charger , called customer service ( they did n't do anything about the posting ) , and sent them back . a waste of time and effort and extra hassle and waiting to get the money back . do not get mislead by pictures or descriptions
the battery packs in these walkie talkies last for about an hour only- i am very disappointed in the quality . we need them for emergencies throughout the day- this is a farmed animal sanctuary- non-profit and we can not afford to purchase new batteries after paying for these already . i am willing to change my review if we get new batteries . they came on time- they are good quality- other than the batterie
this product did n't work with my wireless mouse , scanner , and it would mess up my print que and i would have to restart the keyspan software to get it working again.i returned it
it was very bright at first . then button began malfunctioning . i emailed customer service and never heard back . do n't know if it was a problem with my unit or a poor quality button
this cheap piece of plastic broke within 2 months of me owning it ! ! buyer beware !
i have returned this item to amazon ; i paid $ 43.99 when they had it in stock . the audio out on this dock is a stereo mini ( 1/8 '' ) jack , the connection is terrible from then getgo , with low volume , distortion , and noise when the jack is jiggled.i would highly recommend the dock they 're currently selling at radio shack for $ 29.99 . it has rca outputs on the back and excellent sound quality , it charges , and the remote has a menu button
i bought a 700 series iriver to use at the gym , which came with this armband , at first it was great , but it did n't last , there are two clasps which do n't sta attcked well , and the pocket that holds the mp3 player itself is held together with a glue that comes undone after a few weeks of daily use
4 months into it and it stops playing , jams up and i ca n't remove the cassette or any or the cd 's ... ..wo n't ever but pioneer again
this was ok for the money , decent sound quality , however it died on me after just 2 months of use . the usb drive still works ( sometimes ) but the built in player no longer works . i found the controls less than user friendly and difficult to use
do not buy this system . for the money there are much better systems out there . i bought this for my family room mainy for the small size of the cube speakers . the main problem with the system ( which bose has corrected by the way ) is that the `` acoustimass '' component ( bose 's fancy name for a subwoofer ) is not active ( or powered ) which means the base is totally inadequate and is overun by the cubes which have no mid or bass ranges . the result is that you get a very `` tinny '' sound out of most applications including dvd 's . i ended up getting a sony active subwoofer and it sounds much better . in hindsight i would have bought a different brand than bose , but already had to much invested in bose to scrap the system completely , and the size of the cubes is nice . still pissed that i spent that much money on a substandard system , but hey , got sucked into the bose marketing machine
these are by far the worst headphones i have ever bought . i did not know they could make headphones whith such horrible sound quality . they also feel like they are made of cheap plastic . definently not worth the $ 15 i paided for them
i bought this to replace an 80gb portable firewire drive . wanted more capacity and the same convenient portability . there 's nothing convenient about its need for 2 usb slots and the data moves slower than the firewire drive it is replacing . nice little glitch on the small type of the packaging ... if you 're reading the requirements for mac os x you miss the bullet point in the win xp section calling out the need for 2 free ports . amazon 's description of the product is similarily misleading as completely negelcts the mention of needing two usb ports ... boooo seagate . i 'm offended that you 're offering such clumsy connectivity
i spent $ 60 on this and it broke after 6 months.. i guess the old saying , `` you get what you paid for '' is true . : (
do not by this product . it has several issues . go to the forums on the linksys website and see for yourself . most people , myself included , have problems with the cable modem crashing and requiring a reset on a regular basis . this device also has firewall issues that cause problems with the wii and xbox360 . it 's spi firewall component is at fault and can not be disabled without turning off the entire firewall . even in the face of the number of users having problems linksys has never released a firmware update and it does n't appear that they will
this combo cable gateway and wireless router seems like a dream come true . instead , should you fail to heed my warning and purchase this item , you 'll be subjected to a nightmare that will only end when you seek another wireless solution.as a cable gateway the wcg200 performs as expected . setup with my isp ( cox in southern california ) was a breeze . i was up and running in no time.wireless connectivity , however , has been an absolute nightmare . none of my devices ( laptops , bridge , print server ) will stay connected for any length of time . when the router is performing well , i 'm lucky to stay connected for an hour . when the router is performing poorly i can barely stay connected for 15 seconds.the linksys forums are crowded with other users reporting the same problem . i 've been unable to find any official acknowledgement or response from linksys.do yourself a favor and avoid the wcg200 . you will regret purchasing it
when we brought this home and took it out of the box we were rather impressed with the sleek design and the cisco label . when we got it all hooked up all our dreams of surfing the internet at the speed of light turned into nightmares with constant connection drops and no tech support ! if you read the boards on the linksys site you 'll see that there are no end of connection failures across many different isp 's and areas of the us since this item has been released . please do n't waste your money on this worthless hunk of garbage , you 'll end up sucking down 2 bottles of ibuprofen and a 12 pack of your choice before the night is even through
after less than one week of use , i am forced to return this product due to its inability to maintain a reliable network connection . in 5 days , i have had to cycle power on this unit , on average , more than once per day after it locks up . the web ui fails to respond to connection requests , it loses the ability to communicate with the internet and the only solution is to cycle power . i have tried to work with netgear technical support , but their suggestions ( e.g. , lower mtu ) have been useless and their responses quite tardy . if you are looking for a firewall/vpn unit , i suggest you pass on this particular product
after just one week of use and installing the newest firmware , this router began showing sickly signs requiring a daily reboot . by week two it began needing to be rebooted every 15 minutes . this now seems typical of previous experiences i have had with other netgear products . so much for plug and play.my recommmendation : leave netgear to the passive routers and use another brand for firewalls and dhcp serving
this is the only card that has ever failed to work on my palm tungsten c , so i know it 's not a hardware problem with my pda . the handheld device recognizes the card and filez shows that the programs and databases are present and available , but the program does n't run -- the only response i get is `` loading from card . please wait . '' but nothing happens . my repeated queries to tech support via its web site have gone unanswered . do n't count on any help from the company if you also get a lemon
i sincerely hope ipods have improved ... i bought a 30g ipod photo a little over a year ago and was on my second replacement when just recently , outside the warranty ( which of course goes from original purchase date , not replacement date ) , it 's kaput again . now if i have to pay $ 275 for apple to fix or replace a three month old player ! no way . three players on the blink , each after a few months - that is n't just bad luck . that is n't even mentioning the difficulties with the itunes software or if you change computers . i get a new pc and have to re-transfer 100s of cds ! how lame . that negates all the convenience of the large capacity ( i wish other mp3 players had the storage space the ipods have ) . i just ca n't justify spending more money to replace this limited , inferior pos again . so essentially over the last year i have spent about $ 1 a day to have a player and now i 'm left with nothing . i will be buying a different player . i will spend far less than $ 275 and get something that will last more than three months , is compatible with the rest of the players in the world and is easy and convenient to load and use - obviously not an ipod ! unfortunately i ca n't transfer the music i spend hours and hours loading up ( over and over ) . what a waste of money and time
despite what the belkin folk told me over the phone , this does not work on a mac
after constant dropouts for the past 6 months and no help from the `` belkin bozo 's '' ( support ) . i received a long delayed canned e-mail answer to my problem which did n't help a bit . i finally got rid of this piece of junk and installed a linksys network card . both linksys hardware and software are a vast improvement . no more dropouts.i would suggest that prospective purchasers of belkin products hesitate before buying.. it 's one thing to have a product that works intermittantly , but it 's really frustrating when product support is worthless
i wish i had read the amazon reviews of this item before i paid $ 19 for it at an office supply store . it may seem a bit trivial , but the smell of this wrist pad was a deal breaker . it 's unfortunate , too , because everything else about it is perfect : the color , the comfortable gel support and soft fabric , and the size ( it runs the length of my mac keyboard and provides support when i use my mouse ) . but the smell : a piercing , toxic smell that does not go away . it does n't matter if i spend five minutes or five hours in front of my computer , i still smell the synthetic backing of the wrist pad , and it 's made it impossible for me to work . i finally had to get rid of it
i love this minisisc . it holds an incredible amount of songs -- the equivolent of an i-pod mini -- and the ease of use of my minidisc recorder is great . but do n't buy it here ! just by having it in my order it jacked up the shipping charge by $ 9.00 while everything else in my order would have been shipped free . and you can get them at your neighborhood radio shack for the same price as here . i got a hi-md recorder instead of an i-pod and i 'm glad i did . just do n't buy the disks from amazon
do n't waste your money on these things ! you can get a far better pair of headphones for comparable or less money spent . these things are nothing more than a marketing scheme to sell a look and fashion accessory . these headphones sound terrible and are very uncomfortable . total p.o.s . ! !
skull candy ear phones do look nice ... but it stops at that . within 2 seconds of putting them on , they hurt . the things are horribly uncomfortable and do not look or feel very solid . the sound was ok , but not great ... and not very loud even with the in line volume turned all the way up.yes they do look good , but head phones should sound great and be comfortable , looking good should be a bonus ... .not the entire sales point . i am very disappointed in skull candy . if you want good ear phones for a reasonable price , go for sony or senheisser . if you want a fashion accesorie ... go with skull cand
i have 8860dn - it based on the same engine as this one , the only difference - wireless . so here is my experience - hope it will be helpfull.i was with hp for 15-20 years , needed mfp , read all reviews here and decided that mfc-8860dn will be a good choice ( other option was hp 3055 ) . it has everything i need - copier , network print , scan , fax . easy setup ( i am in it for 25+ years ) . everything was almost perfect . the only complaint you need to keep in mind - it eats 1100 watts when starts printing - light could flash.it was ok , until i reached 1500 pages mark - it start printing small dots every ~3 '' . no problem - need to clean everything ( per my experience and confirmed on brother 's web site ) . cleaned - it was the biggest mistake - all outputs were with tons of small dots all around the page . called support 2 times . after few hours of troubleshooting - they advised me to replace drum . hey - its only 1500 pages , nowhere close to promised 25000 ! after i mentioned it , they offered me 75 % discount on it . what 's about warranty ? sorry . i spoke to supervisor , he explained that support in philippines ca n't do it , the only option - to call usa office.i replaced drum . now counter shows around 2000 pages and i have same problem again.hey , i heard this before - never say never . still as of today : i would never , never buy brother printer/mfc again ! ! !
let me start off by saying like some others out there , theses seemed like a dream come true . got my first pair ( yes i said first ) and used them with my existing motherboard soundcard . they sounded about the same as my old ones but that was to be expected . i was saving in the meantime for the ac-1 soundcard that goes w/ the head phones . one day i come home and go to play a game and no sound is coming out of the left ear and one of the lights on the vol control is dead . double check with oter pc 's and verify bad headset . ok no problem amazon was great with the exchange . got my 2nd pair in a week . i decided to wait til i got the soundcard to hook the headphones back up . got the card for my b-day and went to town and set every thing up only to find that the left rear channel was not working but if i pushed on th cord a little you could here a small sound . plus one of my 3 dvd roms now did not work on account of a irq conflict i believe . o ' well just bad luck i guess . sent it back , again amazon very good about it . soundcard sound ok with my old headphone but does not have eax or x-fi which alot of games use . today i got an email saying that amazon realizes there is a problem with the headpones and will not send me a replacement but will refund me my money and will take back the sundcard as well . so there you have it . razer seems to have issues with it 's production , thats what you get for outsorcing manufacturing . amazon was great and i 'm happy they did n't just ship me another pos
so , i bought this a couple months ago . at first , i was in love . great sound quality , and the surround sound aspect works well in fps games . also very comfortable , much more so than any other 5.1 headphones i have owned . the initial favorable impression wore of pretty quickly , though . first of all , the microphone *sucks* . i 've seen better microphones on 20 $ radio shack headphones . these are gaming headphones , and expensive ones at that . you would think the microphone would be at least passable . it is n't . secondly , the build quality is pretty bad . within a few weeks , the control brick started giving me problems . the sound would go off on one side or the other . a bit annoying . this only happens sporadically , and can be `` fixed '' by squeezing the sound controller . not quite bad enough for me to seek a replacement , but annoying nonetheless . i 've also discovered that the headphones are assembled with screws - screws that are n't properly inserted , and they have a tendency that fall out . now i have a washer flopping around inside the right headphone , and i ca n't find the tiny screw . so i 'll have to either try and repair it myself , which means trying to find somewhere i can buy tiny rare screws , or have to send it in for repair . i might as well send it in for repair , because maybe they could also fix the volume controller ... really kind of disappointing for supposedly `` premium '' gaming headphones . the microphone is bad enough to almost make it worthless for ventrillo or ts . and the problems with build quality are really unacceptable for headphones of this price . i bought some 5.1 headphones for 40 $ a few years back ... they only lasted a year , but they had none of the issues that the razer has . kind of sad that a cheap chinese imitation is actually of better quality than this expensive crap .
installed quickly , great image quality , but within three days the card started to overheat and cause the computer to reboot . i was told by others and ati forums that the 1650 pro with ati stock heat sink is known for its problems . do not buy 1650 pro unless sapphire or other upgraded coolant system on the card . also note , this may be an unrelated issue , after so many crashes the motherboard was fried and needed to be replaced . can not tell if related to video card or not yet . if you are wanting an ati stock card , there have been no known issues regarding stock cooling with the agp 1800 & 1900 series cards .
this product is not worth the money or trouble . i also had problem with bubbles forming and also the sides curing up as my notebook warmed up . it was too much bother to keep trying to smooth out the bubbles and press down the sides after curling back up . save your money and do n't buy this . this would actually qualify for a zero star rating
simply put , the keyboard sticky scuff cover never flattens out completely . there are always bubbles . if you like playing with them all the time then this product is for you . the keyboard soft material cover is not so bad , but holds onto the dirt and oils that would normally get on your screen and keyboard . so , when you close the lid , the material then transfers some of that dirt right back . my resolve ... just wipe your keyboard and screen with a soft , clean , semi-wet towel every so often and the macbook pro will keep its luster
i purchased these earphone to use for swimming with a otterbox and an ipod shuffle . they are were very uncomfortable from the start , but i could listen to music . that did n't last long . the connection would not hold and if i did n't hold it together , the music faded out . also , music faded in and out from ear to ear . i finally gave up and bought earbud waterproof earphones that have worked quite well and cost less
when you buy a name like sony , you expect to get decent stuff . this dvd recorder failed miserably . no s-video inputs in the rear so you have to run s-video to the front panel ( which my 2 year old loved to unplug ) . nice editing features if you have the time . unit malfunctioned within a year and is currently in getting warranty work done ( who knows if i will get it back ) . i replaced it with a lite-on dvd recorder ( at less than half the price ) and am very happy with it
i bought this dvd recorder because it was one of the few that recorded onto virtually every format . plus , it 's a sony , and i 've never had any problems with sony before . the recorder works intermittently . it recorded a few hours worth of shows , then it would corrupt the disk , rendering it useles ( abaout 2/3 of the time ) . i thought maybe it was the media , so i bought sony media ( this time it only corrupted the disk 1/3 of the time ) . i sent the product to sony for repair and `` they could not duplicate the issue '' so they sent it back . the sony repair service center is located in south texas , where the labor is cheap and it shows . i got my unit back , and on the 2nd disk , it failed ! ! now the door is jammed and i ca n't take the dvd out . do n't buy this product . i 'm buying samsung from now on
awesome concept , however i live in an apartment that does n't have any south facing windows , so i was unable to get a signal . i strongly advise against calling the xm radio help # from a phone that wo n't use up your cell phone minutes . had to call them four different times , and all they did was read me the instruction manual , and tell me that if i do n't have signal my radio wo n't work ( i had clearly established that fact already ) . i recieved the radio for free because of a rebate , and did n't even intend on getting xm radio , but figured since the unit was free , and an mp3 player , to give it a try . i was going to break down and buy the $ 70 car kit but then i ran across the agt sportscaster for $ 20 , which came with a car kit . since i ca n't use it in my house , i hook up the home base to the car kit , and at least i can use it that way . this ended up being a lot of work for something i was n't sure i wanted in the first place . have n't used the mp3 player yet , but napster does not seem the most user friendly . ( i have the majority of my songs on itunes
i 'm sure this item would have received a 5 star rating if i had used it ; i have found samsung products to be very good . i did not use this item because of the additional charge it would have added to my xm satellite radio subscription . i already am paying costs for two radios . i purchased this item to have more portable capabilities , but i did not want to incur an additional charge on my xm account . consequently , i returned the product without using it
memorex changed the cases in this package , yet failed to reflect this on the packaging . i purchased them at a local office depot . it 's the one with the patented hub that 's supposed to protect your dvds center . anyway , the two packages i got are no difference in comparison to regular cases i 've gotten with sets i 've bought . i felt ripped off and will be returning these to the store for a refund
for the price this is not a bad keyboard . here are the two major problems i have with it:1 ) the feel is nothing like a real piano . the keys are springy and you have to apply a fair amount of pressure to hold a note.2 ) the instructions have a big sticker on them , stating that this keyboard is made of materials known to cause cancer and/or birth defects ( including lead ) and to `` wash your hands after handling '' . how on earth did this manufacturer decide to use such materials with a device that is intended to be handled a lot , very possibly by children ? it 's going back ...
claiming that this fan 's `` 3-speed switch lets you balance quiet performance with maximum cooling '' , is very misleading . on low , the fan barely moves any air . on high , it still does n't move much air , and is incredibly quiet , nearing silent in my opinion . if you are looking for a high performance fan that can be turned down while not under heavy loads , this is not the fan for you . the 3-speed switch is useless , as there is no reason to run it on anything other than high
the buttons on the remote , although many , are not useful . the only button we use ( to advance or back up slides in a presentation ) was difficult to use , poorly located , unreliable . not a good selectio
this stuff is great . my wife and i use it to label things we do n't use often so we can tell at a glance what is in a box or what a bottle contains . it goes into the labeler without a fuss and works the first time every time . the glue on the back ( once the backing is peeled ) requires the the surface be dirt and oil free or it will eventually come off . the printing will `` wear off '' if you are using it in a high friction environment such as on a book in a backpack . however , it lasts long enough that whatever it is on becomes habit and the label is no longer necessary.btw , if i did not have fingernails , i could not peel the backing off without using a large paperclip . there ought to be suggestions from brother about the best way to get the backing started off the label
i purchased this product to share my dvi monitor and logitech bluetooth keyboard/mouse between my two main machines - the exact use promoted by the manufacturer . i successfully patched the firmware to eliminate the incessant beeping , but am extremely disappointed with the dvi video at 1600 by 1200 ( severe streaking and noise ) , and the audio is totally unuseable given the severe hum and noise . btw , i am using belkin kvm cables.do n't even think about purchasing this unit
warning : this unit has flaws that can render it useless . my intention was to share my dvi monitor with my usb keyboard and mouse between my pc and mac . simple enough , this unit fit the bill according to the specs . however , as soon as i hooked everything up per the directions , the unit started beeping like crazy and would not stop . i had to disconnect all the cabling to get it to stop as everyone in my office ran to my desk to see what the noise was all about . alright , 20-minutes googling for support lead me to the conclusion that i needed to perform firmware upgrade . warning : do n't do it ! attempting a firmware upgrade on this unit from xp will most certainly render it a paperweight . there is no fixing the unit after the firmware upgrade fails , and it will under xp . when i tried the update i the utility reported `` tramsit error . '' note the spelling on the word `` transmit '' - that is how belkin spells it in the utility . if they can not spell correctly in a vital utility such as a firmware upgrader , what chance is there the code is quality ? anyway , that was the kiss of death . the unit was dead and had to be sent back for rma . unacceptable ! i would not recommend this product to anyone . it is the worst.kvm.ever
not worth one star ! lasted about 1 week , and then started emitting a high pitched whine loud enough to wake people in the next town . it is now officially dead and useless . even the short while it `` worked '' it was almost useless . switching speed and mouse response was frankly terrible , the keyboard lagged several characters behind my typing and fitting the cables into it was simply not possible . do not buy this . do n't even think about it .
i 'm sure this product is fine . but do n't order it through amazon , through ritz camera . they just cancelled my order without warning , having listed that the bag was available . freaking idiots
i bought these headphones as a replacement for my second pair of blown ipod earbuds , hoping to get stronger bass and better sound isolation . i got both . unfortunately , the sound coming out of these headphones is extremely muddy and overly bass-heavy . furthermore , they were quite painful in my ears the first several times i wore them and the mini-jack has a poor connection , often leaving me without sound in one ear . do yourself a favor and spend the money to get a quality pair of headphones , particularly if you 're looking to buy in-ear headphones .
i bought the terk antenna in an attempt to pick up some am and fm radio stations i was struggling with on my new bookshelf stereo system . perhpas because of my apartment building , or the quality of the stereo , the antenna did n't offer me much success in picking up stations any better than the factory-provided antenna . i did notice improvement in the static ( or lack of it ) on stations that were already tuning in fairly well ( they went from great to excellent ) , but the stations that were tuning in `` poorly '' got no better with the terk antenna . overall , it was probably not worth the money paid
i was pretty excited about this player , having read about it in runners ' world . there are a lot of problems with it , however . while it is advertised as a sports mp3 player , in a lot of respects it is n't very convenient for someone who buys it for sports . my issues are : - headphones are not at all appropriate for sports , particularly running.. they keep falling off , so i had to invest in a better pair of headphones . kind of weird since it 's supposed to be a sports player . also , i spent at least five minutes everytime untangling them before i could use them.- hard to change music while running , and it often ends up doing something i do n't want it to . you ca n't change the music without removing the mp3 player from the armband , which is a major pain and is just a function of bad design that you ca n't tell from any picture.- not easy to figure out the features of the player , such as the stopwatch , pedometer . also hard to use once you do figure it out.- software is a pain to use.- organization of songs is annoying and difficult to maneuever on player.that being said , i still use it . there are some good features : - long battery life , recharges super quick- very cool-looking player- very easy to carry around.. can slip it a pocket or a bag of any size . i would not recommend this player and if given a choice , i would not buy it again .
the software is terrible , slow and glitchy . i have to start and close it multiple times to get it to find the player . the operators manual is just under 100 pages , so have fun learning the intricacies of the controls . granted , the hardware is cute and the variety of functions is impressive -- assuming you have sufficient spare time to study the manual .
purchased this tv december 10 after much research . unfortunately for me the tv was defective on arrival ! when it is working it is a very nice tv , but the customer support from both olevia and target leave a lot to be desired.target will not replace the item ... the corporate policy i am told is the item must be returned via shipping ... you are responsible for packing the item and putting it outside for the shipping company to pick up ... and once target receives the tv back and it is processed thru receiving a credit will be issued ... they say within 30 days ... my credit card company ae says it will take 6 - 12 weeks ... all this time with no tv , paying interest on the credit card or paying the balance and not be able to purchase another one until everything clears ... i do n't know about you but that is pretty steep ! now olevia ... though it is under warranty i again must pack up the tv in the original box , ship it back to olevia and when they receive it back they will ship another one to me ... the tv weighs 100lbs packing it up is not easy and again i am without tv for a month or more while the transaction takes place . if i want a tv at the time the defective one is shipped i must give olevia a $ 1600 credit card hold while they process the transaction . either way the consumer gets screwed ! ! the television has a one year warranty , i purchased the extended warranty ... what else could i have done ! ? ! i am told by both target and olevia this policy falls under the `` other terms and conditions '' ... i wonder why they do n't actually say that ? buyer beware of target and olevia ! ! !
this switch works really well . i use it between a windows xp and windows 98 operating systems . when switching to windows 98 , control to the mouse and keyboard is switched nearly instantly . however , when switching to the xp os , control time varies from nearly instantly to 3 or 4 seconds . i also like the fact that it controls both the mouse and keyboard with one usb port on the pc . it frees up a port . using the numlock key on the keyboard is the hot key to switch . it also has buttons on the device itself to select which pc to control . i rate this product 5 stars . when i posted the first time , i thought i put 5 stars ; but i must have accidentally selected 2 . i recommend this switch to anyone who wants a good product at a low price
we used the cd player one time . the next time we attempted to use it , it would not play the cd . we ended up having to return it because it was defective
i am a person who actually uses these items , alot . after 2 weeks of using these headphones , the right earpiece quit playing . and i hear ms is not suppporting anything that stops operating . also , it is too expensive . i am enjoying the zune , but all the accessories should be a little more accessible
sony advertised this as a 18x burner for dvd+r media . i used the recommended brand ( verbatim ) and taiko-yuden which are very high end media . i was only backing up home movies from my panasonic camcorder . the movies are in .mpeg format , i was only writing data and it should be no problem for any writter . unfortunately , i got only 12x write speed with the provided software , in a mac as well as in a pc . ( just slower than advertised , no clusters ) .it is a noisy drive too.i spoke with sony costumer service and i could not get any satisfactory answers . i had to wait a long time to be helped . they said that the drive was probably damaged . i returned it and i do not think the drive quality or the customer support represents the price of this drive .
i bought this to work with my emac/700 . it met all of the system requirements given . what was n't said was that it was n't supported by the mac 's 10.3.9 operating system and would only work while running the toast 6 lite . in other words i could n't read or write disks from any other application on the mac . in fact it would immediately eject the disk when i quit toast.luckily , amazon took it back . they even paid the postage . unfortunately i 'm still out my hours of research and 30 mile drive getting it to the post office . additionally , having found a new `` hi tech '' way to fib , i 'm discourage from buying computer peripherals from amazon . i blame sony for this . i know amazon ca n't check out every manufacturer 's claims
the case was advertised in a size large enough to accomodate my camera but when i received it the size was very small . now i am stuck with something i can not use . your return policy was that it had to be in original packaging and unopened . how is one to know unless they open it
usually i discount negative reviews . i think people may have sour grapes against a company , or not understand how to install or work something . i somewhat tech savvy - i installed our wireless network that took a little doing . i work as a technical recruiter , so technology does n't intimidate me . i like technology . so i had been nudging my husband for a print server so that i could print without going to the printer and plugging in . he came home with this belkin product and went about installing it . usually i like to research before i purchase a product , but he wanted to handle this . so , he installed it , and i went back and checked his work , and he had followed the instructions exactly . i know he had some trouble , and had called tech support at my suggestion - i would never have gotten the wireless router hooked up without tech support . the only problem is , that the printserver does n't work . so , i tried installing the software on my pc , and trying to problem solve from there . i called the tech support hotline back , and got an operator who promised to have a technician call me back in a short period of time . i waited for 2 hours , then went out to run some errands . there was still no message from a technician when i returned.this morning my husband needed to get some work done from home . he created a document , and knowing that the print server did not work , he wired up to the printer to print that way . but now , the printer wo n't respond to the signal , so he ca n't print that way either . so we deleted the belkin software and rebooted the computer . he still ca n't print . so , i went back to my pc , and tried to delete the software through the control panel . it wo n't delete . i am getting an error message . i ca n't print either.so now i am on hold with belkin customer assistance . maybe it 's a coincidence but as good as the english is that the person who refers to himself as an operator is , i swear i hear a little indian accent . that does n't mean that customer support has been outsourced to india , and even if it is , that does n't mean customer support is bad . but my experience with this is that while i can get a real live person on the phone , he ca n't do a thing to help me except promise me that someone will call back . when i tried to get my problem escalated , i overwhelmed him and he put me on hold . i am still on hold . i have been on hold for 35 minutes with no help in sight . i called back from my cell phone , and someone who sounded so much like the first operator i spoke to said he would escalate my call to a level 2 technician , and someone would call back in 1-2 hours . when i strongly protested , asked for his name , asked for a number i could call directly , he offered to transfer me immediately , and now , i have been on hold for for an additional 10 minutes on my cell phone.i am starting to sense a trend here . my husband - boiling over his inability to print an important document , has gone off to work to print it there . i am sitting on my sofa with phones going on in stereo , waiting to see if anyone in cyberspace is going to pick up my call . i usually discount negative reviews , but this is really my experience with this product , and if you are considering purchasing it , i would encourage you to think that through a little further .
worked great for about a week , then i seemed to get an average of 12 telemarketing calls a da
i purchased this drive 6 months ago as a spare and just recently installed it . the drive has a controller board error . i contacted western digital for a replacement , but they tell me that it is out of warranty . apparently the year warranty starts ticking the day the drive leaves the factory and not the day you purchase it . if it sits on a store shelf for over a year you do not get any warranty from western digital . with other manufacturers providing 5 year warranties , i will never buy western digital again
if you want to talk to some that is soft spoken you better not be using the att5995 or handset590-3 . turn the handset volume up all the way and you will still be looking for more , not even close . i do not have a hearing problem , but this phone had me thinking i did . the speakerphone volume is loud enough but very poor quality .
i bought this phone based on a review in wired magazine . i love their reviews usually , but this one really let me down . i read another customer 's review ( i forget where ) saying they had sound quality problems , but i thought yeah right ... one in a million . well i bought the phone and had the exact same experience . very poor sound/voice quality . it sounded worse than a cell phone in an underground wind tunnel . i can not imagine why . i charged the battery for 48 hrs , i had it on a separate circuit , and it had it 's own line . i plugged in an old ge 2,4 ghz phone an whamo ... no troubles what so ever . needless to say , i took the phone back and bought a cheap desk phone with a cord . sometimes you do n't get what you pay for
i purchased the md781 + md71 expansion phone after briefly having its predecessor the md681 . i really like the md681 but i could never locate one of its expansion handsets ( everyone online/offline was constantly out of stock ) . overall i 'm disappointed with this new model and after two weeks of use i am already looking for another phone . handheld phones : i like them more than any other phone i 've tried . unlike most phones these days they 're big and have a very solid feel to them ... it 's just easier to hold onto a phone like this for a longer conversation . the buttons are a nice size and easy to use . the hands free/speak phone on the handheld works well . with one person on a handheld line the sound is pretty good , but with two people on handsets you get significant background noise that is so bad it hurts your ear and it 's hard to hear the person on the other end of the conversation.the shared phonebook is a terrific idea but it could have been done better . it 's a few clicks and slow to access ... almost as quick to have the old rolodex on hand ... or copy the number to the local units phonebook ... which defeats the purpose.as for the answer machine : once you play messages you no longer have a visible indicator of how many messages , if any , are in the system ( is it just me or is that poor design ) , so if you listen to messages when you partner is n't around you need to leave a note for them to check messages . the quality of voice messages is a bit grainy.i also like how the handset docked in the older m681 ; it laid on the base so you had the option of wall mounting the base ... the md781 sits up on the base like some sort of obelisk .
i loved this phone , but after only a few weeks the button is stuck and the phone ca n't pick up . i want it fixed but do n't know how
unreliable pile of 'you-know-what ' . worked fine for about 2 months then refused to power up . fresh batteries , no go . called customer `` service '' . outsourced call center to india ; rep followed generic script telling me to : 1 ) use lithium-ion batteries , and 2 ) press `` power + nav '' simultaneously . as suspected , bogus advice . fresh batteries metered out to 1.62 volts each / 4.84 volts total . yes , i tried lithium-ion batteries anyway . still no-go . am still waiting for magellan/thales to respond . am still owner of unreliable gps . still have about $ 400 invested in unit plus software and maps . still kicking myself for buying a magellan product . do n't do it . really -- do n't do it
i purchased my 500 in september , it 's now january and it has never worked correctly at all . it would say that i am in russia , then lock up ( i live in nj usa ) . the first time that i sent it it , my expense , magellan support sent it back to me within 24 hours ; and it was not fixed . it still said that i was in russia and would lock up . the second time that i sent it to them , they sent me a shipping label via email . they had it in their paws for about 2 weeks . it came back said that i was in peru and then lock up . i have an old lowrance and never had a problem receiving a signal , it always locked on to my location ( albeit a little slow ) , and it worked.i 've been trying to get a new shipping label for this piece of junck now for one month . first they said that they sent it to me via email , but they said that because i have anti-spyware sw on my pc that my outlook is rejecting the label . but , i use web based email . then they said that they will send a label to me via regular mail . it 's been two and a half weeks and i have not yet received that label . they told me that they sent it out 3 days before christmas and that i did n't receive the label because of the delays in mail due to christmas and new year 's . but it 's now january . who knows , maybe i 'll be lucky and receive the label before 2008.it 's clear to me that they have no intention of fixing this piece of junk . it was a mistake to buy it ; do n't you make the same mistake .
this is a great idea : a small cd player to match the rest of the tivoli line . unfortunately , the quality of the units i tried came nowhere near the quality of the rest of the tivoli line . all in all , tivoli sent me four of these units and each had problems : one would n't play the disc , one would n't eject the disc , one had an led readout that would go blank , and one had variations on all of these problems . the model one is a great product and the pal and the others are close behind , but the model cd needs a lot more work
setting this unit up has been impossible , and i have not been able to use it . i have sought help of dlync website , dlynk phone support . the have not been able to work me through it . i have paid for a machine i can not use , have spent countless hours on phone and computer in trying to set it up . another person who has the same system with which i wanted to communicate has had the same problem and can not use hers
if you are not an it person you will need help setting up .using d-link customer service is a chore due to language issues .i bought the video phone to contact my son in taiwan and it never would connect ==d-link help line ? ? ==could not understand why and were of no help what so ever .i could reach the test location but that was it .=complete waste of money ! !
my daughter bought this for me so i could see my grand children who live in other states . i have spent 6 days and almost $ 450 trying to get it to work . i even hired a computer repairman who charged me $ 184 and could not get it working . if it was not a gift i would send it back to get my money back . i called the help line , lots of times and usually got someone who did n't speak english very well . they would end up telling me it was a problem with the router . then i would call the router and they would tell me it is a problem with the d-link . no one wants to take responsibility for getting it working . i even went on the support page on the internet and read pages of things that could be wrong . tried them all in six days and i still do n't have it working and has cost me alot of time and `` money '' . good luck if you buy it you will need it
i have to admit , the main reason i purchased ( 2 ) of these dvc-1100 's was because of the stellar reviews posted here on amazon . i bought one for my in-laws and on for my wife and i so that they could watch our children grow up over long distance . great idea , bad solution . the main problem i had was that the camera lens is fixed , and does not focus . i waited 1 hour on the line with d-link tech support only to learn that the lenses on these cameras are designed to be fixed and only focus when you are approximately 6 - 8 feet away from the camera . unfortunately , the ones i got did not focus at all , and the video quality was absolutely terrible ( washed out color and bad contrast ) . please listen to me , save your money and do not buy the dvc-1100 . this device is cheaply made , and just not there yet..
a nice idea that does n't provide adequate audio quality in my experience . the unit would pick up `` noise '' from the operation of my cd player , resulting in a background squealing that was especially audible between tracks . in addition , on trips i had to frequently flip through the various frequency settings to avoid conflicts with radio stations
fm transmitters of this size do n't last forever . that is a fact i accept but i had hoped it would last longer than 2 weeks . i bought my first one from target before a road trip in a uhaul without a cd player . the sound was marginal at best and by the end of the three day drive to oregon it was extremely noisy . i plugged it in to my computer to transmit some streaming stations and it had trouble hitting the receiver ( direct line of sight ) no more than 40 feet away . two more days and it crackled its last and died . i exchanged the transmitter at target for a new one and a week and a half later i was returning that one as well . spend a few extra bucks , save yourself the hassle and get a belkin .
i ordered this product and put it in my nikon d200 . the product was improperly manufactured , and caused the pins in my camera to bend , rendering it inoperable . i had no idea what the cause was , and went to my camera store , and ended up damaging one of their cameras as well.we took a quick look at the card , and the holes were obviously improperly aligned . the damage to the cameras was repairable , and the replacement card i received worked ok , but this is really not an acceptable situation for such an expensive piece of equipment
the one i ordered works , but the plastic nub in the rear of the unit i received has a slightly-flawed location . the nub is intended to insert into the ground hole of your recepticle ( outlet ) . my nub is slightly too high , preventing it to be plugged into a top outlet -- because of this nub , it 'll only work in the bottom outlet . i see little reason for this plastic protruding nub to exist in the first place..
i purchased 16 of the allsop 26625 dvd/vhs organizers . after i had 4 or 5 of them on the floor , loaded with dvds , i was going to move them to load the next batch . but , when i picked them up off the floor , two of them came apart , dropping the dvds on the floor . knowing they were weak , i tried to hold the next one together , but pressed a little too hard on opposite corners ; the other two corners gave way , and my hands came together , scattering dvds all over the floor.looking at the pieces that came apart , i saw that hooks were molded into the plastic and were supposed to snap over ridges on the next piece . but the hooks were too shallow to hold against the strain of holding them with the dvds facing upward , and they were the same on all 16 boxes.i emailed the manufacturer ( from whom i had bought 12 of the boxes ) and asked , since it would be time-consuming for me to send them back , and costly for them , what would they offer me if i just kept them and glued the corners together . i had absolutely no response.i ended up spending two evenings snapping the boxes apart , glueing the 112 attachment points and reassembling them . i think they will be ok , now , but i would not have purchased them if i knew they were so poorly manufactured . and , i do not have any good thoughts about allsop 's customer service
pny memory is not very specific on its products , check and re-check that the specs . are what you need . pny is more a reseller of dubious memory brands of asiatic origin ( not that others are'nt , but ... ) , pay the extra and go for respected brands like viking and kingston , you ca n't go wrong . in the long term , it 's a better investment
nothing that uses fw400 responds to being plugged into this device , whether is it bus powered or not.bloody useles
just received the flex skin and my first thought is that this is way over priced . this is a $ 5.00 piece of soft plastic that will do very little to protect the unit . it will protect against scratching , but only the areas of the unit you 're not really concerned about . the screen is totally exposed , so it can be scratched when in the unit . i 'm sure that 's so you can see the screen better , but a clear protective cover ( that can open and close ) over the screen would have been nice . anyway , at $ 25.00 this is too much to spend . i 'm ordering a leather cover with a kick stand ( which by the way you need if you want to stand it up on your desk or on a table ) for less than the price of this product . i feel i just flushed $ 25.00 bucks down the drain , hopefully you will not .
did not work with my palm t|c right away.i 've not used this for any other purpose . i expect either palm or sd to release proper software to have it work with palm t|c
do not order this item and expect to get what you see . i ordered the super high speed card ( rpsdh01gu1a ) and what i got was a low quality high speed card ( rpsdk01gu1a ) . seems to be some kind of a scam that ritz is running with amazon 's blessing . buyer beware . this has happened to me before when you order from one of amazon 's partners , and amazon will do nothing to help you
i paid $ 35 for a barely adequate product case . it does not securely mount or protect the creative zen . it is overpriced and underperforms . as others have mentioned , you must cut it out of the protective covering only to discover that the internal configuration of the case does not protect the screen nor clamp or positively hold the player . the set up feature is a joke -- you have to configure the assembly with an elastic band . taking it out of case voids the ability to return the product . the design engineer should be fired.do not buy -- this is jun
the product did n't do what it said it would . i cut the power to use it in my car ( i should n't have assumed it worked properly ) so i could n't return it and ended wasting $ 50 . i was extremly dissapointed in this product
for $ 99 this should be a much better remote . if you watch movies in the dark , you have to use the glow button , guess what , you will have to replace the batteries once a month at least . also , logitech has over simplifed the remote . you ca n't program individual buttons you have to use their program that only allows you to program devices and not the remote directly . if you have to go into the device menu a lot you will not be able to control the volume unless you switch to the device that controls volume . why not have an option to program each button period ... but the remote is useless now because of the low battery life . do not buy this unless you want to buy batteries every month . ridiculous . only remote i have ever had like this
it is very hard to update the remote . very seldom we can delete and if there are two dvr boxes remote get confused and keep on turning off and on , even though we choose the right one such as a or b.software update is cumbersome and take 45 minutes on a intel quad computer with 2 g memory . can supply some patches . i have the remote sitting on my coffee table useless .
wow , how i can write a review about the item i have not received so far . i ordered this case on march 7th and to day is april 10th and it seems out of stock so far.well , i , m still waiting ... ... ..
i love the saitek 880 wired gamepad . so i figured the wireless would be that much better . unfortunately , my next purchase will be another wired pad to ensure no problems . there 's nothing worse than the few times i really need two gamepads that the wireless one poops out . i bought this and the batteries died . i sent saitek an e-mail and they sent me two new ones . great , they worked ! then they died soon after . hopefully their new wireless , which runs on one aa battery will not have any issues . however , this one 's a dud
after 3 days of having this controller , it already started to have problems . the docking station would not pick up charges from the battery anymore making my controller useless . for the amount of money i spent , i am very disappointed
when i got this product out of the box ( i had n't seen one in a store before ) , i was surprised by how lightweight and cheaply made it appeared , particularly at the price they charged ( about $ 80 at the time ) . the box i received was also missing the insert for the ipod nano , and the nano wo n't sit securely in the ipod socket without it . i returned this product , and for about the same price , i got a much more solid -- and better sounding -- boom box with an auxiliary input jack that allows me to play songs from my nano ( though admittedly without the remote that allows you to scroll through your ipod songs ) . this would n't be a bad ipod speaker set if you could get it for $ 20 , but at $ 80 it 's dramatically overpriced
but the touch wheel is harder to use . i bought this case about a month ago and immediately put my baby into it . since that point time i had a harder time turning it off/pausing , adjusting the volume , using the back and forth touch points , and setting a stop point in a audiobook . this is the result of the mini being recessed into the case.i took my mini out of the case today and had immediate ease of use with the touch wheel again . the case will protect your mini without a doubt - but you lose the functionality that the wheel is so popular for.also , make sure you tighten down the pivot head with a screwdriver since i nearly almost lost my mini because it came apart from the belt clip . i 'll only use when absolutely necessary now .
i do n't like these radios becase they only go about 1/2 the mile . the battery does n't hold full charge . i would recommend going with motorola model or midland that will give you better range
i purchased this product to replace a really good 802.11g unit from linksys , hoping to set up a gigabit home network with ethernet storage . i initially considered the wrt300n model , but the reviews were mediocre . so i went instead for this newer model , hoping that linksys has fixed the bugs and addressed the problems identified with the wrt300n model . i am sorry to say that all the bad reviews on the wrt300n also apply to this model . i am returning it after 5 hours of use.on my home network set up with my current linksys 802.11g unit , i am able to stream 4 different movies to four different laptops at the same time throughout the house , and all four movies display flawlessly . on this new unit optimized for streaming video , i was not able to stream a movie to a single laptop sitting close to the wireless unit . the movie had interruptions every 4-5 seconds . this was worse as the laptop was positioned further from the wireless unit . performance was equally bad with laptops equiped with g cards and n cards . and performance degraded as i tried to stream to multiple laptops at the same time.the speed of the links to my laptops equiped with n cards was 144 mb/s , and was 54 mb/s on those equiped with g cards . so the connection seemed fast enough . it might be that by tweaking the wireless unit in some way , it might be able to perform as i expect . but i do n't have time to waste on such tweaking , and given that my 802.11g unit performed flawlessly out of the box , there is no point to `` upgrade '' to this new flawed model . i 'll delay my plans for a gigabit home network until the technology has matured and the bugs have been worked out
i doubt that they are all this bad . maybe i just got `` lucky '' . the first time i put the tape in , the motor could hardly pull the tape . when i tried to record , it played back all shaky , like a playing a record off-center on a turntable . i returned it
i purchased this item recently at a local radio shack because it was on sale for $ 7.99 . in my case , i did not get the abysmal product that others here have encountered , but i did get a disappointing one . i use an older cd writer ( nec nr-7800a ) which is capable of burning at a maximum speed of 16x , and i have achieved that speed with other media ( notably imation ) . in my system , however , these sony discs are limited to a maximum of 8x no matter what data is being burned or what program is being used . either the disks are substandard or they are not fully compatible with my drive . on the positive side , all the discs used so far have burned successfully and can be read by my dvd-rom drive , dvd player , and cd player.there 's no point in buying this sony product when there are so many others out there . find a brand that works well with your burner and stick with it.update : the current model number on sony 's web site for the 50-pack cd-r spindle is 50cdq80ls3 ( not 50cdq80ls2 ) . if you still want to buy sony , try to find the current model number
you may be tempted to buy these because of the 'sony ' name ... but be warned , do not buy sony cd-r 's off of amazon ... .i bought this same 50 pack , and had to throw half , yes half as in 25 of the discs , out because they had read errors and god knows what else . i find this strange though , because i 've bought ( and still do ) these same sony cd-r 's from best buy , and at target , and at staples ... and they 've always worked fine . i thought i would give it a go buying the online and i 'm sorry i did . if you want the sony cd 's , just go to your local target and pick em up there ... at least i can tell , based off my experience , they 'll work . ca n't say the same for the ones coming from amazon
my cd player has jammed in a similar fashion to those described above . i called the harman kardon customer service line , and they kept me on hold for ten minutes . then i went to their website , which is poorly designed and slow to load due to an overabundance of flash graphics . the website told me to fax a warranty replacement form to harman . i had to do that three times to get a response . finally i got a return authorization after two days and several emails . poor quality , poor customer support . guess what h-k , i wo n't be buying any of your products in the future . this is a replacement for a sony changer that worked flawlessly for 18 years . and , i may take hk to small claims court if the replacement does n't work .
the keyboard protector fits very well on my macbook , but in the end i got tired of how much slower my typing was when i used the protector . it claims it does n't slow down your typing speed at all , but it really does ; you have to push on the keys harder when you type and for me it took a concsious effert to do so . as i 'm typing this review now , i 'm not using my protector anymore . if you do n't mind how it slows down your typing , then go ahead and get it .
this review is more about the hi-md concept in general than one particular player.the sound quality was excellent . the rest of the product and concept deserves to die in the marketplace.complaints : -the only thing that is n't proprietary is the headphone jack and the aa battery . beyond that , sony 's dual role as a content provider ( complete with nasty intellectual property lawyers ) and equipment manufacturer fatally compromises usuability of this line of players . no macintosh support is just the beginning . proprietary compression algorithms . weird and twisted upload/download rules . wrong choices made at every point of the prd process.-100x recording speed ? make that 4x on a good day . 100x speed is a specification that should attract the attention of elliot spitzer , if he only cared.-the players are flimsy . just walking with mine caused it to skip . and one hard fall to the floor and it stopped working entirely . sony will charge you to honor the warranty ( parts only -- no labor ) . by contrast apple replaced my daughter 's ipod no questions asked when it started developing hard disk hiccups.-trying to find hi-mds offers the thrill of the hunt , if you 're into that kind of thing . but their rarity suggests that sony is at best half-hearted about supporting this device.i used to be a loyal sony customer , but now believe they have gone almost irretrievably downhill . sleek designs do not compensate for disfunctional product management and shoddy manufacturing . in fact , i 'm planning an hd tv purchase next year and have sony far down on the list of possibilities . you can find better quality and value almost anywhere else these days.howard , are you listening
will not hold bose souround spkrs , will not mount for key hole speakers , also i paid $ 11.99 for these on amazon , the saw them in wal-mart for $ 7.78 good for a cheap system , but if your speakers weigh more than 5 lbs . step u
i returned my banshee stereo . it sure was loud , however the music seemed to wave in and out . you can not charge your ipod either . there is no remote . there is no battery compartment - not portable at all . there are many other choices for less price . save your money and look for something else
i thought i was getting a terrific deal on 6 ink tanks , they look exactly the same as those that came with the printer and those that are packaged individually . but when i later bought a one-off replacement -- not `` custom '' -- tank i noticed the ink level bar on the printer lcd was not only full but also longer than the other bars ! if the `` custom '' tanks hold only about half the ink , this is n't the bargin it appears
there is a reason that the value pack is so much cheaper . the cartridges are not full ! i just got off the phone with hp tech support and they confirmed this . the cartridges sold with the value pack are labeled as *custom* cartridges that have enough ink to print 150 4x6 photos . in fact , the tech support rep discribed the *custom* cartridges as having `` way less '' than standard cartridges , `` less than 50 % full '' . on a related note , i asked him if the initial cartridges that came with my new printer were full , and he said they should have been full standard cartridges.so this value pack is n't such a great value now , is it ?
i will never buy a brand new product release from linksys again . their q.c . stinks . i am on the third wrt54gx4 router and it is the first that was not defective . i got it set up and tried my new wpc54gx4 network card ( srx400 ) and got a weak signal , but i had my second laptop with a wpc54gx card ( srx200 ) on the desk getting 100 % signal strength . i switched cards in the two computers , and the old srx200 card was better in either computer ( both xp pro ) . after hours with semi-english speaking techs , they came to the same conclusion i came to in five minutes ... a bad antenna in the new wpc54gx4 . so once again amazon will replace a defective linksys product for me . i had been a linksys fan in the past , but not any more . here 's a link to a picture of the first router i got and its defect.http : //vowe.net/archives/006639.htm
i tested this along with the neuros mpeg4 and must say hands down the winner in picture quality is the neuros . the picture with the sandisk is very pixelated , especially with fast action sports like football and basketball . the sandisk does have a better interface , and is easier to understand and set up quickly , but in the end the picture and sound quality are poor.fyi - i 'm using a psp as my viewer
i got this cd player because i thought sony was a good company , plus i liked the look of it . but after just 5 months after purchase , and not even using it that often , it has already broken . i paid about 40 dollars for this cd player , so i am very disappointed . if i were you , i would buy a different cd player
i have always been a fan of sony because they make quality products that are `` user-friendly '' . that is why i was in a state of complete shock that this little blue cd walkman is made by sony , because it is on the other end of the spectrum compared to what they usually manufacture.first the bad ... the control buttons ( sound , changing tracks , pause , etc ) are tiny and nearly impossible to read . i found myself having to hold the cd player up to my face to find the right button , and i do not have any vision problems . the little lcd screen is hard to read as well . next , the sound quality is poor and has a cheap `` watered down '' feel to it . then there are the stock headphones that the product comes with . these are cheap and do n't fit well.i bought a yellow `` psyc '' sony walkman a couple years ago , and that one is 3 times the product that this one is . the sound is near-perfect and the buttons are easy to see and use . the headphones fit well and the whole package has lasted with no issues at all.i would n't write sony off simply b/c of this product , but i would definitely do some research prior to purchasing a walkman from them .
when i received my cobra nav system the cord to use it was missing and i have had to call three times and still nhave not received the cord . i contacted cobra , but i think it came from target.co
i ordered this antenna to enhance the reception of the uhf channels . i live in a big city and i thought i should n't have a problem with any indoor antenna . it seems i was mistaken . this antenna is useless . it is almost no better than my previous 99 cents store antenna
i was tempted by the low price of this item . the only reviewer before me gave it a 5-star rating . although aware of the unreliability of a single review , i decided to gave it a shot , and paid $ 10 for shipping -- no other way since it 's sold through a third party . $ 28 later , i was holding the biggest $ # ! * i 've seen in a while ! the construction feels very cheap , and the instruction manual makes absolutely no sense as if written by a 3-year old . and the worst of all , only one of the two microphones worked . even the one that works is horrible -- the sound out of the speaker is very weak unless you cup your hand around your mouth and the mic . it uses a 9-volt battery in each of the two mics , and that 's another 5 bucks out of my pocket . you know what ? i 'll probably have to eat the $ 33 , since the seller does not refund any shipping charges and charges a hefty fee for returns . well , i learned a lesson ... things are cheap for a reason
completely useless . only shows a digital display when ipod is `` fully charged '' -- how long does your ipod stay fully charged ? even when showing digital display does n't actually broadcast . maxell replaced it with the p-4a for a reason . amazon should n't even be selling this , it makes me distrust amazon . i got it as a christmas present but it was bought in october so they wo n't even take it back . follow up : after i emailed amazon , they issued a complete refund , which they refused to do over the phone . now they just need to pull the product , since they ( probably wisely ) are n't carrying the p-4a and therefore ca n't recommend it as an option .
the pros : -you can reposition the product as many times as you like to get the best fit without it losing it 's adhesive.-it allows you to use with any type of arm band or car dock because it fits so well.-does n't prohibit any functions of the ipod ( i.e . sensitivity of the wheel is just as good with the shield on ) the cons : -bubbles , bubbles , bubbles . i 've carefully applied and re-applied this product no less than 20 times in a variety of different ways , and it leaves numerous bubbles on the ipod everytime , especially on the screen . -if the screen is not lit up , all you can see is bubbles on the screen . -it does n't do the ipod justice , because it looks so cheap when applied.-after 2 days with this product i 'm already looking to replace it .
i guess this is a bad review owing to bad item description , not bat quality . turns out , it is not a universal ipaq stylus set , so make sure your ipaq is combatible ! !
this router has been in operation for about 3 weeks . when it is functioning correctly , it is a pleasure to use . unfortunately , it requires almost daily power cycling to keep it running - all the idiot lights show normal operation , but there 's no wired or wireless connectivity until it 's power cycled
this device worked great for a short span of time ( a few weeks ) , then just stopped working . i returned it to amazon and received a new replacement . it worked fine for a while , then stopped working . it 's a great idea , but very weak quality
i received this item and it proved to be defective . i have returned the original item and amazon has been promising me that they would ship the replacement for over a month now but has failed to make any of their estimated ship dates . right now i am looking for another source and about to cancel the order
the ad and description clearly state that it includes both a receiver and transmitter . i received only a receiver . this is false advertising and is patently illegal . they ought to be ashamed of themrselves
i purchased one of these just shy of three years ago ( feb 2003 ) . i have taken very good care of it ( it stays in a pocket in my briefcase when not in use ) and used it several times a week while i teach . over time , the silver finish wore off around the `` on '' button ( apparently from perspiration from my hand ) , exposing the copper underneath . last week , the button froze in the `` on '' position , so it is now effectively useless . the laser diode still works , however.also , the company offers `` geek points '' for future purchases that are supposed to be good for 36 months . i checked the site earlier this week and , while it 's now only been 35 months , the ones i earned from this purchase are no longer on record
i bought this item with good price . good deal for the space 300gb . moved all personal videos and data with confidence . after 6 months no power coming up . unable to switch on . went to data recovery center and told $ 700 to $ 3000 depend on the issue . seagate want to replace the drive but helpless on the data . be careful when you buy these `` seagate 3.5-inch pushbutton backup external hard drives '' .- venkat vinnakota
i have been a subscriber for 4 years . back in november my account was turned off due to a billing issue . the week prior to it being turned off i started receiving 3 calls a day for payment . i advised one of the reps to wait a week for the payment , payment was made . calls stopped for another week . the radio was then turned off and the 3 calls a day started up again . i explained to the bill collectors i owed nothing and when offered to reactivate the radio i told them not to bother , at this point i wanted nothing more to do with xm . they offered me 3 months of free service to come back , anyone who cancels can get this by the way , and i refused . the 3 calls a day continued for the next week , i was informed that it simply takes a week for your name to fall out of their automated system ... . 2 more months go by and then i start receiving a bill saying that i reactivated my radio and owe for 2 months of service and all the late fees that go with that . 40 dollars . i call in and state i never reactivated my radio , thus i do n't owe for reactivating my radio and the 2 months of service that would have followed . the customer service rep told me that it would be taken cared of , 2 weeks later i get another bill . i call back and the rep tells me the same thing and apologizes for my inconveniences . i even called back the next day just to make sure it was finally resolved , and that rep confirmed that i no longer owed anything . so then last month i start receiving collections notices . you have one month to pay this before it goes to collections . i called in and was promised they would look into it and call me back . this apparently has taken care of the issue , though i never received the call back . this week i called 6 times , 3 of which i was promptly hung up on for no reason , and was told each time that it had been resolved . so hopefully this time it really is ... to anyone considering xm i suggest you just get an mp3 player
i 've purchased and attempted to install three of these adapters . one of them was on an older dell laptop , installed without any problems at all and connected seamlessly to a linksys wrt54g router with wap encryption.the problems really started showing when i tried to install the second and third adapters , both on desktop computers running windows xp sp2 . the software installation was a breeze , but when i plugged in the adapter - nothing happened . connect to network ... which network ? scan..who ? what ? it looks like this adapter has a very , very short range and does n't work very well a wall or two in between the routers . it would see the router and connect - to drop the connection and not find one . but then it would find it again , and on and off.never really worked as expected on the desktops , so i 've given up . i 've had to disconnect them and reconnect them multiple times . downloaded the updated software from belkin 's site , and still have connection issues with the desktops . the laptop works fine as long as i do n't take it one room away from the router.avoid at all costs please . i 've used other wireless devices with the same router that i 'm trying to connect and they work fine - a few rooms away and all.spend a few more dollars and get something worth the money spent . spend less time troubleshooting and more time surfing.good luck
it may work fine for those who use ps2 , but using usb it frequently locks up . i have my laptop and desktop plugged in , but if i unplug the laptop . i have to shut everything down , unplugg the kvm and start over . what a total pai
i tried it on 4 laptops , and none of them was able to sustain the signal . it kept on dropping out ! mind you , two of the internal cards did a much better job than it .
the bag is very nice looking , nice material , everybody loves it . lots of compartments inside fit all accessories i need plus some documents . but the top part ( the zipper ) is a big problem , it just has to get 200 % in a way , while the notebook pocket does n't provide any flexibility . i just have to scratch my brand new notebook in and out , very frustrating . ( same as another review here ) . my opinion , find another one , i 'm gon na do it myself
i have an hp pavillion ze5000 series laptop . my laptop hardly fits in this bag . the battery holder is also too small . practically unusable . very disappointed with the product
it came within one week of being ordered . it is an excellent product and is as advertised . i received a manual for sony 's compact disc recorder instead of the manual for the vrdvc30
i ordered this cable a few weeks ago . although i must say that it does work fine , the cable looks cheap ( in fact , it is very thin ) and its length is less than 6 feet . as you may agree , length does matter so you do not want to fall short when it comes to that . so for $ 20 ( including shipping ) , i think it was not exactly a good deal
i bought an airplay2 from am apple store for around $ 60 . other than the fact that `` blank '' fm stations are hard to find in the new york metropolitan area , and that you need to keep changing to different `` blank '' stations as you drive , the product itself is simply terrible . even if you are in a parking lot , and find a `` blank '' fm station , the quality of the music the airplay broadcasts is very bad . the bass is almost non-existent , and there is a constant hiss in the background that you can not get rid of . this product is not worth buying , especially for $ 60
if you do n't use the printer on a daily basis , these cartridges dry up only days after you stop . given that the bjc-80 is a portable printer , i only use it while traveling , which means having to buy new cartridges for every trip . a real money drain
i 've bought one of the 12c platinum because i needed a calculator in my office . i do n't do financial calculations , so probably i 'll use the calculator only to make elemental arithmetics , but i like rpn and the programmable features.build quality is below expected : intro key responsiveness is different than other keys ' , the soft case finnish is bad and the support pieces are not well adjusted , so the calculator is slightly unstable . with the tag price this machine has you expect to get a perfectly assembled piece.disappointed
antec has dropped the ball on this one . my power supply came in doa.if you read reviews there are lots of reports of short life on power supply . the case weighs 25 pounds . it is a major hastle to uninstall everything and mail it back to california . it is a pretty case with some well thought out features , but not worth reliability hastles
this cartridge does not fit my hp 648c as advertised . the color cartridge that accompanied it did , however
the radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- i cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the station and volume when in the case ; i ca n't believe the case did n't come this way -- and that 's just the start of the problems . the dials are fussy and it 's not easy to carry this radio , even in the case , without nudging the dial to the point you must remove it from the case -- if you have n't cut any slits in it -- and re-tune your station.in minneapolis-st. paul , wcco am radio comes in fine in a suburb 15 miles from downtown . but that station has howitzer power . forget about tuning in virtually any other am station in the city . granted , i did n't buy this to listen to fm or shortwave . it was to be an inexpensive radio to listen to baseball . with the minnesota twins having moved from wcco , that wo n't happen , as this radio is incapable of pulling in the twins ' new am radio home , or any othe am signal in the area . that 's really difficult to imagine , being other radios i own -- even chintzy giveaway promotional radios -- can pull in most any station in the metro area.if this is an example of grundig 's work , i 'd say they rely more on their brand name than their products .
i did not like the fact that this microphone needs a hard to find battery which is not included in the box it was sold
what company would make a router that you can set up wired and then take it wireless and it wo n't work . incredible . my experience mirrored exactly that of many who have already written . it just should n't be this way.when i finally did get it working , after tweaking some settings , and spending all freaking day on the linksys forum it had virtually no signal in a very modest house.i do have to say the their forum is top rate . the people were very helpful and very friendly and a great place to turn if you do n't want to go through scripted support suppliers.product wise a very disappointing experience . people wise very good but long gone are the days that you put up with an inferior product because the people are so good
first of all , i am a dyed-in-the-wool techie . i design products like this in my job . i know what every single one of those `` what the heck is that ? '' settings in router set up screens are . so i do take a bit of umbrage when one reviewer called the many ( most ) who have had trouble with this router `` morons '' . yes , i got it to work . it will work right out of the box if used with most pre-n wireless cards and , definitely , if they are linksys pre-n cards . that covers about 1 % of those who would buy this router . after three hours of tweaking a dozen plus of the settings from default , i succeeded in getting it to `` hand-shake '' with b and g mode cards most of the time . it would still randomly lose the ip requiring rebooting everything . not something my customer would accept nor would i sell . some of the techie specs are a long way from what linksys claims . linksys marketing obviously wrote the specs and ads then engineering tried to design to both . they failed . a non-techie spec important to everyone is range . it has 20 % the range of an old b mode linksys router i had sitting right next to it . adding encryption dropped range in half again ! the wired router portion of it works out of the box , no adjustments required . but you 're buying this for the wireless function . yes , i could have tweaked some more and probably managed to get it stable enough to live with . but linksys did n't used to be that way . i used to buy only linksys considering my time worth too much to putz around with unreliable equipment to save my customers a few bucks on hardware . this is the third linksys router in a month ( the other two were g mode ) that have been unstable or doa . then why did i buy this one ? it was on sale and i wanted to give linksys one more chance before they lost my business for good . they 've now lost it for good . i exchanged the router for a netgear and it worked right out of the box into a network running both b and g mode wireless network cards . plus it was a lot less money . has cisco ruined linksys ? got me . did all the good engineers cash out ? i would n't be surprised . are they rushing unfinished bug-filled product to market to meet quarterly profit numbers for wall street ? you bet ! i 'll stick with netgear and belkin from now on .
i ordered this cable and ended up sending it back to amazon . and i advised them why . the thx 800 cable is not blue . the thx 600 cable is blue . i called monster cable and got hold of their technical support . they said they have never made a thx 800 cable in blue . amazon obviously has not followed up on this issue
the material and ergonomics of this phone is average . the selling point of this phone for me is its ability to connect up to 10 handsets using one phone line . below are the factors that i considered before purchasing and my experience : range : the range of the phone is very good . i can be 80-100 feet away from the base unit and the call signal will stay constant and not drop.call quality : average . i have a plantronics cs50 wireless headset that is on the 900 mhz frequency connected to a corded base unit . the call quality on the wireless headset is crystal clear . when i have switched during mid-conversation from the handset to headset , or vice-versa , callers have noted a significant difference in the clarity of the call . the uniden is much more muffled and less clear . it is however comparable to most cordless phone . not exceptional , but not bad.durability : average . i have dropped my handsets on rare occasions , they survived the drops onto the carpet quite well . one of the handset did drop onto my hardwood floor , which cracked the screen but the force was not significant and it did n't scratch the hardwood floor.special note : i suffered a power outage during a major windstorm . the base unit will not boot up . this appears to have happened to other reviewers . this problem appears to have afflicted only this piece of electronic in my whole house . on this issue , i have to drop my rating from 3 stars to 2 stars
the product shipped is not the same as the picture . apparently this is a common thing for this item .
terrible user interface - you must page through tons of cryptic menus to set basic features . pulls multiple papers through , so you must start again . is a g3 , which you would think would be compatible with earlier non-g3 fax machines - wrong - so you ca n't fax to 75 % of the community that has a non g3 unit ! i thought i was buying quality from canon when i paid $ 250 for this hunk of junk ! the cheap brother and hp 's at my work never have these problems and are easier to use , and much less expensive . save your money and save the headaches ! sorry canon , this product was a disaster
i think the most frustrating thing about a fax machine , is when you put your four or five page fax into the feeder , and the machine sucks two or three sheets at once ruining your whole fax ! i especially got this machine because i thought it was a quality machine , and would n't do that , but i was wrong . sometimes this machine sucks more than one sheet at a time which is very frustrating . i would stay away . it prints nicely , but it does n't help if it ruins your faxes . i see other reviewers have the same problem
i have always bought and liked uniden phones . tried this one based on consumer reports recommendation and because i wanted caller id . awful reception - too much background noise and you can not hear the person on the other line . turn the volume to high and you get feedback from your own voice . good range ( which is useful in finding the perfectly quite place in your house to finish your call ! ) . stay clear ! ! ! ! ! !
this is the worst phone that anyone could ever buy . there is constant static and clicking in the background , making it hard to hear the person on the other end . to make it worse it only has room for 10 programmable numbers and only two choices for ringtones , both obnoxiou
the range on this product is no where near what was advertised . i purchased ( 2 ) units and neither will work consistently beyond 4-5 feet from mac . attempted to improve operation by relocating mac , using usb extension cable , and changing id on transmitter with no improvement . extremely disappointed
i was very excited to try this product on my powerbook g4.. it worked the very first time.. but after a restart.. it no longer worked . was quite disappointed as i tried to reset it and try setting ut up again . it was fruitless . so i dont recommend this product as i 'm truly upset with its performance
first i rated it great and it was , for two movies . then it broke and the picture was scrambled and rolling . the end .
this transmitter requires me to remove the case from my ipod 5g . even with the case removed the device does n't fit snugly and works it way loose as i am driving . the sound is fair even though the area where i live has many unused stations . i would think it would sound much better than it does . poor quality product ; has too many flaws to justify the high price . i 'm very disappointed and i 'm returning it
it 's a super idea , but i can not say it works well . getting a free station is a real challenge , even in the underdeveloped italy . and if you get one , but you are driving , within 5 minutes ( or 5 miles ) you lose the signal ... however the sound is perfect when you enter into a tunnel.is not good for cars , but works at home , connecting it to the radio . it needs to be improved
waste of time . software had some bugs but more importantly performance was horrible . i would n't pay 10 dollars for this product- yes it is that bad . accuracy rate was about 25 % and the mistakes were beyond spell check . they look like some new form of reformed egyption . do n't buy !
did not do what it says it does . only thing this does is remove large scratches . no matter how many times you put this stuff on the small scratches are still . plus it leaves crusty white stuff on the disc and smears . not sure if discs are better before or after the application of this stuff . i guess you get what you pay for . wait no you do n't . all i got was a jewel case , two pads , and two tiny packets of solution . what a rip off . did n't even get a manual . what kind of advertisement is this ? i know , the black market kind
i purchased this item on 6/3/06 from amazon , and a 250gb ata/ide hitachi drive to go in it from another vendor . it all went together fine and i could mount the volume easily enough.the first thing i noticed is that it 's wi-fi would n't work with wep with my powerbook . it 'd work without encryption on the airport extreme , but not with wep or with wpa . i noted that and used it without the wi-fi for a few days . i noted it would n't hold time at all consistently . it would n't register a network time server 's data and was always in the wrong time zone , so i had to fidge by seven hours to get it to match my time , but it would still drift about ten minutes per day , and then jump an hour or two randomly , making sorting which file is the more current a bit iffy.i found it slow to mount , and it would sometimes unmount over working wep wi-fi or hardwired gigabit connections , which was disheartening . i then decided to call tech support , which is when things went from bad to worse ... calls took a minimum 25 minutes to get through initial screening to tech support staff . the tech support staff were not familiar with the product and would transfer me around , which too up to another thirty minutes . folks with extensions rarely answered or returned calls or e-mails . after *** 12 hours *** with customer support over two weeks and a not-yet-released firmware update , it would work with wpa_psk or open , but still no wep . they could n't fix the time drift issue . i repeatedly asked for a replacement , but they always had a few more hoops to make me jump through , whether it be repeating a test for the upmteenth time , or another firmware update ... they just would n't spare me the trouble and replace the unit until i was ready to scream . by this time , i was out of amazon 's return policy timeframe.they refused to give me a refund after repeated attempts . i even sent a letter , telling them to please send a refund check and not another unit or i 'd post my experience here on amazon . of course , i got a replacement unit with no other reply.now i 've got to get rid of the thing onebay or whatever , take the loss and move on . i would never buy another d-link product . i would avoid this thing like anthrax - weaponized anthrax.i bought an iomega nas unit , which works very well , has multiple drives and raid and , though it costs more , provides decent value and it works.d-link has a lot to learn about customer service and should not release beta , untested products to the consumer market . shame on them
it says it supports mac all over the package . however it does n't support , and can not be made to support mac files that allow a wider use of characters for naming files . for instance , when i drag a folder over this icon to copy it starts copying until it comes to a file that has been named `` ilegally '' or uses a prohibited character . it says that it can not copy this file and gives you the prompt `` ok '' ? . `` ok '' is your only choice to click on . by clicking on `` ok '' the job terminates and you have a partially copied folder . how is that for compatibility ? how is that for delivering backup assurance ? i feel swindled . the product has a geeky feel to it also with lots of acronyms an geek speak . mine will probably become landfill and be written off as an expensive education about doing more research than simply trusting the copy on the box . it 's mac compatible as long as you adopt pc conventions in how you operate your mac . run mac owners ... ru
i previously purchased a siig firewire 800 expresscard . after several weeks with siig tech support i 'm told it is a known issue that card wo n't work with dell laptops . so ... i phoned belkin techsupport before buying this card . they tell me they know of no such problems . well , card gives exact same problem as siig ! works fine on firewire 400 but the minute you use 1394b ( firewire 800 ) drivers , my dell inspiron 9400 bluescreens and reboots ! emailed and phoned belkin tech support but no response/solution . from my experience , dell inspiron 9400/e1705 's ca n't support firewire 800.update : after almost 2 months of trying to get a resolution from belkin , they advise their product development team is `` still working on the problem '' . would i recommend buying a belkin product , no way , that level of customer service is a disgrace
i did n't purchase this one ... it was a gift . i was hoping for a laser printer like one of the brother all-in-ones.i opted to install the lite version of the software from hp.com . i would suggest that everyone do this . the lite version only has the drivers , none of the hp bull software that is included usually.the thing that bothered me the most was the automatic document feeder . i would start a scan job and everything is going fine , and then on the 5th or 6th page the whole process would just hang . i had over 500 pages of documents to scan , and this machine really let me down.amazing how hewlett-packard ca n't even write reliable drivers.i gave the item 2 stars because i got it to print sometimes . no buy
installation : express install is over 200mb , full install about 650mb ! ! ! it requires you to upgrade to internet explorer 6 to continue installation ( how it this related to printer installation , and what if i do n't use internet explorer - i do not ) . install takes forever , is memory hog , then tries to sign you up for some services . i used to like hp printers . i 'm completely disappointed with the software to the point that i would rather have other printer than deal with this type of software .
since we bought this to work with our mac , we have had nothing but problems . if asked to print one page of a document only , it freaks out , all the lights flash and has to be turned off an on again to reset it and calm it down ! have had long sessions with hp customer service on the phone and they have n't a clue . if we could have been bothered , we would have taken it back , but just live with the fact that we have to print excess pages ( at least we do recycle ) . there are various other things that also cause it to freak and flash , can never work out specifically what , we just sigh and reset it . will be looking for something else to upgrade to soon
this printer sucks ! it started out working wonderfully . then all of a sudden ( after the third month in use ) it started printing very slowly . then it decided it would n't print at all unless i completely shut down my computer everytime . something is wrong when you can only get 200 sheets of paper out of text only documents from the black ink cartridge . it also uses the color ink when it 's not requested . i only needed the color ink a couple of times ( not for pictures ) and it went just as fast as the black . i used to love hp . they are now making garbage . i 'm thinking of looking at the oki brand . do n't waste your money on this one
after nearly two weeks , i 'm still waiting for kingston to ship out replacement ram . the ram was installed and after just one day , the ram caused several of the programs on my system to quit functioning.after calling kingston several times , they still have not shipped the replacement modules yet . it 's been two weeks.i would strongly consider a different brand next time . this company is not responsive .
i 've had a 660 printer a couple of years and gone through 6 color cartridges . four of them had a couple of the jets clog after 1 or two weeks . running the head cleaner just wastes ink ( a lot ) without opening the clogged jets . then you have the choice of throwing away a $ 30 cartridge you 've hardly used or printing with gaps . i will not buy another hp printer . i 've wasted more on cartridges then the printer cost
i bought this cable , but it suffered from an unacceptable amount of interference . faint green and purple rolling bands ruined my picture . replacing it with a shorter cable fixed the problem.do n't buy a longer cable than you need , and consider spending a little more for a higher quality wire if you need all 50 feet
despite careful aiming , this has exactly , and i mean exactly , the same signal strength as my cheapie $ 6 airlink 7db omni , and is weaker than my homemade pirouline cantenna . probably not a bad antenna if you can pick it up cheap , but save your money if you 're expecting 15db performance
i was excited to receive the product however it did not fit my laptop . everytime i opened the lid a popping sound would occur . turns out the rear right back panel was rubbing the lid casing . i took the laptop out and placed it back in thinking it was not properly installed , same issue.i 'm not telling anyone not to buy this product . just be cautious.. and i hope you have better luck then i did
have used many types of dvd-r . this the only one i have found that did n't have a record speed encoded in it and was unusable . tried different locations on the spindle and the same results . would have been a good buy if they worked . gave it only one star because there was no 1/2 star
the alarms do n't pay any attention to the settings in sounds and notifications . they repeat twice and then quit . the light does n't flash except the first time . half of the time they do n't work . i sent it back for repair and they did n't do a thing to it but send it back to me the next day . same problem , it is the way it is designed but they wo n't admit it
the 3m privacy filter does not work unless you are at a 50 degree angle or more to the screen . otherwise you can see the screen . you can see the screen clearly from any distance if you are directly behind it . all the filter does is make the screen a little darker . do n't waste your money
as a musician who 's dealt w/ opening many cd packages for many years , let me save you some money . you do n't need a special tool to open cds . just run the bottom edge of the cd against any solid , rough surface ( like a sidewalk or concrete wall ) a couple of times . the plastic wrapping will break up easy as pie , allowing you to take it off effortlessly . getting that pesky sticker that seals the top of the cd off is easy , too . again , no tools required . you 'll notice that the cd cover is `` hinged '' at the top & bottom in such a way that you can easily slide the front cover off the back . it just pops in & out , held in place by a little bump on one piece that fits in a hole in the other . gently pull the front cover out of its sockets at the top & bottom , then bend the whole thing back , toward the top of the cd case where the sticker is affixed , so that the sticker becomes straightened out . this will let you easily pull off the sticker in one piece . ( try peeling the front cover off the sticker , rather than vice versa . ) and you 're done ! all you have to do now is just pop the front cover back into its hinges and enjoy . the whole process takes under a minute , and you 'll still have the money in your pocket that you did n't spend on an iffy cd opening tool , to buy another cd with
i 'm using this in an area where , as usual , there is no map data for the trails and roads . navigating through old and obscured trail systems or just passable terrain , to known trails i 've been on is very cumbersome requiring switching between screens and allot of thumb work when i should have my chin up navigating . even then , the functionality is very limited . seems a big step forward on the software would make this product a really great tool , but so far it 's only a novelty item . in order to view the other trails in the area previously recorded i will need to purchase the $ 100 mapsend software which contains no useful data for me , only provides the functionality of editing/creating my own base map . a function i can only do on my laptop , something i usually do n't carry out into the wilderness . basically i bought this to use it to document my assaults on various ridges , passes , peaks and unknown road systems , while understanding my proximity to previously traveled routes to help me make progress . so far it 's a 0/5 points in this department . if you want to find your way back to points this is useful , however for other types of navigation involving linear objects , such as trails and roads , waterways the software is n't there yet
i paid 300+ dollars for a new magellan gps less than a yearand a half ago from boat us and they have already declared it obsolete . if you expect any support do not buy magellan .
anybody with a cheap pair of cutting pliers will be able to cut through the cable in seconds . i know because i just did it . the cable is very thin and is made of pliable steel wire . you could even use household scissors to gnaw through.having this lock on is better than nothing because the thief needs to have some cutting tool and then has to deal with the remaining lock that is attached to your computer . however , if you are going to go through the trouble of locking up your computer , you might as well get something with a stronger cable
bought my go510 on november 14 as a christmas present for the wife . it comes with only 90 days of warranty . today is april 6 and the thing is broken . for a few days it had trouble finding the satellites , then just went dead . it was never abused , never left the car . out of warranty for just 45 days , $ 600 wasted . it is junk ! stay away from it
pen does n't work as fast as i thought it would have . very slow to upload text to computer . i bought this for a law student and it turns out to be more of a burden to scan and proof the text as you go . if you can type at a decent speed i would strongly discurage purchasing this product for note taking
these headphones have no bass whatsoever . i would never buy these , please keep shopping as there are better products for the money out there . the headphones that came with my mp3 player out of the box are way better then these
my job requires a kvm switch for qa purposes to test different os/browser combinations . in building the lab i decided to go with belkin after researching various switches . i 'm configuring a lab with a mac g4 , mac mini , nc6000 laptop and hp dc5100 mini tower . i 'm using the hp supplied keyboard and mouse , and a viewsonic 19 lcd flatscreen.the first kvm worked well for right at 30 days . at that point the mouse began to act erratic , followed shortly by the switch only working in the # 1 slot ( laptop ) . i ordered a second switch and the same thing happened within 30 days again.i 'm going to return the switch and try the well rated iogear miniview 4 port usb kvw .
followed the instructions to the letter . pcs would not work once connected and even worse stopped xp starting up - had to go back to restore point . belkin email support is next to useless . i would strongely recommend buying a kvm product from another supplier
besides the fact you have to buy the cables separately as others have mentioned , belkin support is horrible . the automated system consistenly disconnects the call , requiring going through their operator . my 4-port kvm stopped functioning after six months . there 's no information on the web to help either . it 's as if there is no way to fix a kvm that does n't work . flash upgrading is a joke . i followed the procedure directly from belkin 's website . so i had to rma replace it . trust me , belkin does n't care about its customers and arrogance will be their downfall . go with iogear - they include all the cables with the kvm switch for the price of belkin 's without cables
i also was misled into thinking i was getting ten of these tapes , not one . while the tape is ok , it is absolutely not worth the price for a single basic vhs tape . i am usually a big amazon fan , but this advertisement is very poor
agree with the prior message . i was duped into thinking 10 vhs tapes were being sold . do n't order this
the best thing about the magellean 3000t is the large screen . sometimes this gadget works like a charm -- other times it just seems to pay no attention . actually , the touch screen function decides not to work . you can sit there and touch , rub , hammer ; to no avail . i got tired of the whole process and was ready to send it back to amazon . first , i called magellan 's help line ( the phone number was hard to find ) ; apparently you go to the diagonostic page and touch each touchscreen icon . if you hear a click , it 's okay . finally it works most of the time . damn bunch of trouble and frustration for a machine designed to reduce trouble and frustration .
i agree with the poster who complained about the drivers not being available for download . in this day and age , there is no excuse for a company not making such things available for their customers . a voice recorder is tool for on the go . so we should have to carry a cd with us as well in case we want to plug the recorder into a different machine ? this is just a case of wanton disrespect of the customer by a big company
it 's worth it just to take a regular size optical mouse with you . this one does n't save that much space . it works fine , but it 's not comfortable to use
got the archos to be able to take it with me when i travel for work and have movies on my flights . the recording with the dvr station is great , but in order to hear what i recorded in a quiet room i had to have the volume turned up to 99 % . hearing the audio with any background noise is impossible . i contacted amazon and got a replacement , that part was great , but the new one i have to have the volume up to 80 % to hear anything in a quiet room . i also found the that for the jack out to tv you are required to by the archos cable as it has a different pinout than a standard cable that comes with your video camera etc . needless to say , i will be returning the ones i have an buying another hoping it was just a bad manufacturing batch
this is my fourth epson printer and probably my last . the epson rx580 needs several ink cartridges . if any of them is out of ink , you ca n't print at all . if you 're out of yellow ink , you still can not print a purely black/white document ! ! the system should at least default to black printing when a color runs out . i really resent that epson is taking advantage of customers like that
for those considering the purchase of this unit , keep in mind that only podcasts and videos will be displayed on your tv . menus and playlists will not.the very slight increase in video quality via the use of the s video cable is n't worth it . get some 10.00 cables for your ipod and save mone
i would love to try this . first one was shipped broken ( make a clanking noise and woulnd't work ) . sent it back and got a new one that did n't read a dvd . i may try one more time.its pretty heavy , but i am hoping the larger screen is better then other small portables or i-pod type machines
i purchased a sony 5-disk cd changer in 1991 that could shuffle between all five disks . this model can only shuffle tracks on one disk at a time . what were they thinking ? the ability to shuffle tracks between disks was my entire reason for choosing a five disk changer vs. a single disk cd/dvd player . this baby is going back
i had trouble with installing the firewire port . i did not get any help with the company .
i was not sent a firewire cable as was advertised . they sent me a useless usb cable . when i contacted the seller , they did not send me the proper cable . do n't buy from this terrible company !
i bought the archos 600 mostly for the picture- and video viewing and sharing ability - the large screen and good portability seemed ideal to share photos and videos with friends and family . the device did n't disappoint - also has coolness factor going for it with the sleek design and easy navigation.my opinion quickly changed when i ran into connectivity problems a few days into using it . while i was able to download and synchronize ( via windows media player ) easily the first couple of times the device all of a sudden was n't recognized as a usb device anymore and also froze the `` external hardware '' management function on my pc . right now i can not even connect using it simply as an external hard drive , and so far customer service at archos has not been able to help me , blaming the problem on driver issues on my pc ( seems to defy logic - works fine first and then without warning stops ) , a really frustrating experience . seems like this is along the lines of problems that another reviewer experienced , so this may not be as isolated as i thought .
the picture is good and the combo was convenient . however , after 1 year , the dvd broke . now i have just a tv . this is the problem with combos . it is better to get components separately
poorly designed . i slide my 2400 into it and the case is so tight it pressess buttons on my ipaq for me . turning it on in the case . cheaply constructed . you can buy better for less . check out the cases [ ...
so i really like this case besides the velcro . basically i have it with me all the time and use it frequently . the only thing is that each time i take my hp ipaq 4155 out , the velcro makes the loudest noise i have ever heard and everyone looks up and stares at my case . i would n't recommend this one ... i am actually shopping for one that snaps or zips
i 've been a big fan of ms keyboards and mice for years now , and the desktop 7000 is the first huge disappointment . i do love the design and the feel of the keys , but the keyboard is constantly issuing commands from the 'touch sensitive ' areas when i do n't even touch them ( i type 120+ wpm ) . in addition , the middle mouse button only fires 50 % of the time , and the delay in the bluetooth is problematic for anyone who needs precision . on top of that i began having usb stability problems when i started using their usb bluetooth connector . this is with vista x64 . i 've already returned one unit and am having the same problems with another , and will be returning it for a full refund . rumor has it ms is issuing a recall on certain units of this particular keyboard.oh , and there 's a bug with the intellitype software that renders the pause/play button for media useless in vista ... guess it 's time to look for something else :
i bought this premium priced product because it has both built-in voice-mail and speakerphone . the latter was the key feature i sought . well , it works intermittently , just enough so you can tell ( occasionally ) that it 's `` on '' but infrequently enough that you ca n't actually use it to carry on a meaningful conversation . it reminds me of the `` can you hear me now '' commercials . i 'd rather live with courtney than own this piece of junk one more day ! all the other complaints from others are absolutely true as well.ugh . do not buy this product ! !
i bought 2 of these and they are horrible ! youu put them in and they sometimes work and sometimes dont its such a pain in the arse !
i used this maybe 4 times when the `` in '' stopped functioning , but it mysteriously *would* work in reverse . i wish i read other people 's reviews on this before i bought it . horrible waste of money
we purchased this shredder a few months ago for use around the house . with all those unsolicited credit card offers you can never be too careful about protecting yourself from identity theft . at first it worked like a charm , but then it suddenly started to jam up for no reason . we take good care of our electronic stuff so we were very surprised when the shredder stodecided to stop working . then last week i added 2 sheets of paper and the shredder broke . useless ! ! !
i placed an order for this kingston memory stick only to have my order cancelled without explanation . very lousy customer service
beware of kingston rebates ! of course , i hope your experience would differ , if you were to buy kingston product ( s ) , but mine was terrible.i bought a kingston compactflash card that offered a $ 50 mail-in rebate . i promptly ( as in , the day after i received the item delivery ) went to photocopy my rebate certificate and upc code and sales receipt ; then sent it all on its merry way . yes , i was well within the rebate period , both for the purchase and for the postmark date . my purchase was a valid retailer ( think huge online e-tailer ) .the rebate required sending the entire original upc label , which was like the entire outside package for my cf card , about the size of 1  business cards when flattened . no problem.about two months later , i get a letter saying `` your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate original upc code as required by the rebate offer . `` well , now what ? i ca n't re-send the original ( it was already in their possession ) . i called , and they insisted on repeating what the letter said . i re-sent my photocopies and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase.after another 6 weeks of pursuing this , i figured this is their scam . they simply would n't honor the rebate . and without the original upc in my possession , i could n't really submit to their requirements.if you 're looking for a ram upgrade , i 'd suggest you look at a quality company like ocz ( the best ! ) , or patriot , geil , or corsair . if you 're looking for a value flash memory card , i might suggest sandisk.for one , kingston does not make the best products , they are value-driven products.two , there are competitors to kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices.three , kingston will not stand behind their customer as i have experienced.i urge you to , please , be cautious of kingston and their rebate scams
my first two black 15 cartridges worked pretty well in my hp deskjet 3820 then the third one started to indicate low fluid level and stopped printing . i replaced it with a new cartridges but it refused to work at all . while repeatingly trying to reinstall it as tech support suggested , the etch tore . when examing the inside of the printer , i found that black ink had splattered around inside the mechanism area indicating a leakage . the next new cartridge would not work either . $ $ wasted . tech support said to have the printer repaired -- ya sure ( after only one year of moderate home use and the warantee had ran out ) . printer repair would cost me more a new one
i was very disappointed in the lexmark p450 printer . the colors were very dull and the picture quality were definitely not up to the lexmark standards that i am used to . ( i have several lexmark products ) i returned the printer
i ordered this , as i have many items from amazon and had not received it after 2 months . i cancelled the order
received the product , it was not fully functional . the buttons worked but the mouse would not track . i loaded the software , trouble-shot everything , even put up with maddeningly insane questions from kensington tech support ( `` did you try unplugging it and replugging it back in ? '' ) however , amazon.com was very quick and gracious in the return . remarking on the design : seemed to fit well in my hand , though it was a bit bulky ; usb cord was very long -- a desktop user would not have any issues with its reach ; might have been an enjoyable product if it worked properly.i 'm a bit disappointed , i was always a fan of kensington products , starting with the 90s trackball . i also have a cordless optical notebook mouse . i 've been seeking a replacement b/c it chews through batteries like none other . so far i am 0-2 on satisfaction with kensington mice
i have now been shipped two iskins for my 60gig , and both of them had the holes in the top in the wrong place . there are at least three flavors of 60 gig ipods in the marketplace at present , and more coming , it appears , so be careful which one you order . the manufacturer 's website is very confusing and unhelpful about identifying the correct model of skin , even if you know the model number of your ipod . i also agree with the other reviewer that the belt clip is a mistake . throw it away .
i bought it , and usb was fine , but the firewire ports did n't work . lost time and money sending it in for warranty service
i have a mouse intensive job with dual screens working on digitizing maps . unlike the reviewers before me i have a normal size hand . over the years i have developed a slight pain on the top of my wrist . my favorite mouse so far has been a microsoft wireless mouse similar to the 5000 design but with the fake leather on the palm , which is no longer available . i saw this `` ergonomic '' natural mouse advertised on microsoft 's website six months ago and purchased one the second it became available.the mouse caused instant pain in my wrist . i tried using the mouse for a week in different positions thinking i just had to get used to the mouse . my wrist pain just got worse . after a week the pain in my wrist was so bad i was n't sure it would ever go away . not only did i have pain while using it but for days after stopping . although i have a mild pain in the top of my wrist from normal mousing this mouse caused pain in a different location at the base of my thumb.i returned the mouse and returned to my old mouse .
sound was n't too bad for price . tinny yes , but cheap . used it a dozen times and then started having trouble getting it to play cds . and then it would n't turn on at all .
i have had this unit for just over a year . beware that the cd tray is in front and it slides in and out . because of this design , it is prone to misalign the cd , which will either not load and the `` no disc '' warning will show or when it does play , there is a significant vibration . to try to remedy this i had to wedge a piece of folder paper inbetween the disc drawer and the unit ! alas , i just got tired of not being able to play a disc for my daughter at bedtime . it is now time to spend a bit more and get a better product such as a sony ... ..by the way , the buttons are cheap and the overall construction is poor
worked for a month on and off and now doesent work at all .
i took the tv out of the box , plugged it in and nothing . after pushing the on/off switch repeatedly , it finally came on . picture and sound were terrific so i was very pleased . turned it off with the remote . of course , the tv would n't turn on again with either the remote or the switch . pushed the switch about 10 times and it finally came on . i called panasonic customer service who could not do anything to fix it by phone . so now my new tv is in for a warranty repair less than 24 hours after i received it . talk about frustrating ! !
these actually left my screen dirtier than i started with . it left behind annoying streaks and film which i ultimately ended up having to clean off with my usual homemade solution . i suggest keeping a soft cloth with some 1:1 water and rubbing alcohol handy ; it 's cheaper and more effective
they clean the screen , so to speak , but also leave a slight film behind which can be seen when the monitor is off . it does n't really affect viewing while the monitor is actually on , but i still do n't like the fact that the screen is not completely clean after treatment . the monitor would have been cleaner overall had i just wiped it with a dry lint free cloth . perhaps some people would view this film as a relatively minor flaw , since it does n't affect picture during use , but regardless , i am extremely disappointed to pay money for a product specifically marketed as a screen cleaner with results anything other than excellent . i thought these would be a solution but they 've turned out to be just another problem i have to figure out .
the cord design of these is terrible . you 'll have about 6 inches from the attachment point to your left ear and about 20 inches from your right ear to your attachment point . this is especially agravating for right handed individual ( pshh hardly any of those ) . why is this an issue because it really is only not awkward if you hold your mp3 player ( or whatever ) in your left hand as the normal cord is too short . i always use the extra extended cable , which makes the entire cable maybe a foot too big for ordinary use.the sound is good for the price ( does n't compare to my normal set of headphones ) , but sporadically i feel like they are hurting my ears ( not in a physical sense ) . i have a feeling this has to do with either improper wma encoding or ( more than likely as i 've never had this before with other headphones ) improper sound design of the speakers.question is though ... would i spend the $ 30 amazon asks for them ? yes , as they are definately the best in that price range , but do n't go to best buy or circuit city to get them as the price will be too high . i expected more from sony
i have used this _rw with my sanyo dvd recorder . the result is that i cound not play the recording . it wil freeze up . and some times they can not be formatted . they will not function well if they are used for the vr mode . i have used other brands such as tdk or fuji . they are ok .
this drive has a great aesthetic design , but did not work out of the box when i received it . amazon delivered promptly as usual , but quality of this product is definitely lacking . look at the western digital ... that 's what i now have and have had no issues .
this printer works fine as a usb printer , but it does not connect to a network . hp will not replace , says it must be something wrong with my network . nevermind the 2 other printers , 2 macs , and 3 winxp computers connected to it . no more hp for me
pros : uses less batteries than the space shuttle ... ( 6 aas ) great idea gone to h*** quickly due to lack of product support ! apparently the person in charge of designing and marketing tapes for these units suffers from attention deficit disorder and is totally unable to remotely consider any meaningful complete line of tapes . red , blue , white pearl ( paper ? ) - yellow smiley faces . green metalic . black on clear - but no white on clear ... there appears to be little , if any , hope for those who might actually like to color code products in any single medium - plastic , paper , polyester , metallic , etc . just whatever come to the designer 's head is what 's released . five types here . two there . one over here ... no rhyme nor reason.dymo has done themselves no favors here
i got this cd player because i thought sony was a good company , plus i liked the look of it . but after just 5 months after purchase , and not even using it that often , it has already broken . i paid about 40 dollars for this cd player , so i am very disappointed . if i were you , i would buy a different cd player
memorex jewel case arrived with many cases broken , the tkd is has probably thicker and more duarabl
these headphones have a dececent sound but genuinely no noice cancelling effect . the battery powers the speakers a bit which does make them a littel louder , but nothing special . as you see , the price is down to $ 22.00 which is probably a good price for these ( unfortunatly , i bought them at $ 50.00 and had to return them
stylish , comfortable , good sound quality ... and utterly useless at noise cancelation . great for allowing one to conveniently eavesdrop on seat-side passenger conversations while listening to your favorite tunes , and you 'll be sure to not miss any important safety instructions on your next flight . perhaps there 's a reason there was no floor demo set out of the box . i suggest you insist on this . sure , turning on the noise cancelation sliding button would seem to somewhat reduce ambient noise , but as far as i can tell the only thing it does is slightly amplify the music volume .
i bought these today so that i could review an mp3 presentation . as soon as i put the headphone on i wanted to take them back ! it has the most annoying buzzing sound . what philips means what they say `` noise canceling '' is that the buzzing sound will drown out all background noise ! well i 'm taking these back
this little scanner is not worth the price . it 's got a very limited user interface making it very slow and aggravating to use . there is no possible way to directly input a specific frequency , large gaps in between the frequency ranges it 's programmed to receive , and very limited memory capabilities . the small display is hard to read unless you are directly in front of the device , looking from any angle and the backlit lcd display is unreadable . reception of this scanner is poor on all of it 's ( very limited ) bands , though can be improved with the use of an aftermarket antenna . the scanner is very prone to intermod from paging systems and other sources . the squelch is practically useless on this thing , it 's either on or off , it seems that any setting in between full and open are pretty close to full , as it takes fairly strong signals to break the squelch even when it 's set just above the static level on any empty frequency . the sound quality from the built-in speaker is tinny and shallow sounding , but at least there is a jack for an external speaker.on the bright side , the chassis is well built and strong , the buttons have a decent feel , not to light nor too stiff . the knobs turn with ease , but will not change their settings due to road vibration , they stay put where you set them at . the fit and finish of the scanner is actually quite good overall , but it 's not enough to make up for it 's lacking feature set and poor performance
epson 's 3600 is a `` nice '' 3 in 1 printer , scanner , and copier , but the ink cartridges `` suck '' ! this is my third and last epson printer.robert h
300-500 yards under the best conditions . given its heft , a waste of mone
i bought one of these about 3 days ago and it 's already broken . i try to charge my ipaq1940 with the suggested tip and the adapter begins to continually reset my pda . not only that , but it drains rather than charges the battery . this is an extremely overpriced piece of junk , you 'd be better off taking the large amount of money you would invest buying this product and consolidating whatever various devices you 're trying to charge into one smart phone/pda/whatever that does everything you want
i travel a lot , especially to europe , and hate taking lots of cables with me for the vonage , router , laptop , cellphone and crackberry . the ijuice unit looked like a good idea.however , the unit just failed during my trip , leaving me stranded and badly caught out with no back-up . bad ideaa friend switched me on to charging everything via usb . i just bought a cheap $ 5.00 usb charger for the nokia , the crackberry charges via usb anyway , so i just needed to buy an ordinary laptop 110/240v adaptor and i was all set . laptop and nokia phone all charging away at the same time.single point of failure is the laptop . however , apple does a great universal adaptor ( you can get uk./us etc plugs ) with usb for charging ipods for $ 20 , all in one neat unit . you can just stick the usb for the nokia in the back . seriously , do n't waste your money , unless you use more than one laptop or really need a particular tip you ca n't charge via usb . using usb is far lighter , far more reliable , you do n't loose the tips .
either the item is faulty or my television is too old but it didnt work for me . i needed to use the component from vga to avoid taking up my s video and dvi openings on ym video card and the television never picked up the signal . instead if you have a component open for video just use the s video converter not from this item .
this thing does n't work , nothing but black and white image and off center . my video card is ntsc like it said but wo n't work on the 3 computers i have . do n't buy this , buy a video converter box
i ordered several ink cartridges at one time and was appalled when i received a slew of large boxes to deliver my order . the increased cost of shipping the cartridges separately made one magenta cartridge go from $ 9.35 to $ 14.93 . all the cartrides arrived within a day of each other . i would rather pay for one shipment rather than separate ones .
why do i get the feeling that some of these later reviews were written by kensington people ? the fact is , this light has some unique features that most usb lights do n't , including an on/off switch and two brightness levels . however , that does n't come close to overcoming the drawbacks . first of all , the price is way too high for what you are getting . also , the brightness difference between four and eight leds is negligible . but the biggest flaw in this light , by far , is that the flexible arm is not nearly strong enough to support the weight of the lamp . i have had to resort to clamping the arm to the side of my monitor , which is just plain ridiculous . for the price they are getting , they should have produced a more durable product
i bought this adapter thinking i would be able to print documents from my pocketpc . i installed the adapter to my 6300 hp printer only to find out that you can only print images . i was not completely satisfied with this adapter
i want to believe all of the positive reviews ; i really do ! but at the moment i 'm still having problems with the downloading and uploading of the firmware . i know , i know : do it in recovery mode ! whatever that is ! ( do n't worry , i 've been to the site and followed the directions 20+ times ! ) and as for customer support ... i got a message giving hours and `` good bye '' ( i did called during the hours cs was supposedly open ) . i had a mpio and wanted something more reliable but once again find the software package and manual ( so big and so little information ! ) are not intuitive or easy to use . maybe the mac nation is right.and as for that first review posted here on amazon.com , i hope that guy got a bonus ; he must be working for cowan ! don
at first i loved the compact iaudio player , but after the first week , the earphone input ( hole in the player ) , did n't hold the input jack securely , resulting in no sound . i could jiggle it in the hole resulting in sound for about a second , but could not get it to work continuously . unfortunately , i threw away my receipt and box , or i would return it
it seems nice enough and it 's cheap , but it is apparently incompatible with the canon powershot digital elphs . for use with those cameras , buy sandisck instead . seriously
the cables to go 4 port usb ps @ unit works well when you have manual mode on without sscanning on . but i have repeated problems with machines rebooting when the kvm is not switched to that device . the video card goes into some blacked out video mode . the pc has to be shutdown . the box drives the card into some lockup and on display there is a overscan error . the box does not properly simulate a monitor to a booting pc . you must bo the port and watch the reboot . then card is ok until next reboot unattended . frustrating . the keyboard and mouse are ok . but with wireless keyboard/mouse combo , the box can not be on auto scan mode . too many drawbacks
not only was this difficult to set up ( even a generally polite but sadly ill-informed technical helper from belkin was baffled regarding the simplest steps and keyphrases ) but once i finally managed to get it to work ( by simply as a last resort resetting the router with a paper clip ) it had practically no range whatsoever ; in fact , my macbook pro placed within 2 inches of the router itself only received a 75 % signal , and once the threshold of the room was crossed , the signal disappeared altogether . a free four-year old linksys router which i received with my earthlink `` home networking '' package ( and which this belkin was supposed to replace ) always worked with a full signal everywhere in the house and rarely failed , and linksys is supposed to be notoriously mac-unfriendly . anyway , i hope that there are enough ups trucks in america to handle the returns that this item -- mine included -- will require .
having had very good luck with two belkin g routers , i thought that the g+ would be a no-brainer . not . first of all , the router would not install at all from windows 2000 . i called customer support , and after interminable waits and two tech support people ( who were very polite ) , we finally decided to install from another computer with windows xp . all seemed to be going along fine -- the router installed -- but did not allow me to set a security password for the wireless in the regular set-up process like their g-router setups did . only when i logged on wirelessly , it let me set a password -- -- meaning had any of my bandwidth-thieving neighbors tried to log on before me , it would have been them setting my password ( which would have effectively locked me out of the wireless ! ) . it also came without a user 's guide ( though that is listed on the box contents ) and the cd-rom also was supposed to have a user 's manual , but when i clicked on the `` user manual '' tab , nothing came up ! after all was said and done , i did manage to get my xp system connected , but the windows 2000 would not connect even with a cable ( it was working fine on a linksys direct cable before ) . overall -- a very painfully long installation that was not windows 2000-compatible ( or perhaps a firewall problem ) , items left out of the package , and a big step down in ease of installation from their g router . and if that is n't bad enough -- the signal strength was no improvement over the linksys g router i was replacing . belkin , sorry -- this product was below your previous standard . this one 's going back to best buy
i wanted some earbuds for my zen player which fit in my ears and would n't fall out . these earbuds did fit my ears . however , a month after starting to use them one channel went out and now i have sound coming out of only one earbud . also , i have no idea why these are called , `` high quality '' earbuds , unless it was a sales tactic . the sound quality is not as good as the sound of the original zen earbuds . i am back to using the original buds , but i 'm $ 20 lighter in the pocketbook . i was dissatisfied with this purchase
i bought this samsung model in september because of the superior picture and excellent glare reduction . it went black the day before the super bowl . it is now ncaa playoffs and it has not been repaired or replaced . the service technician has tried 3 times to repair , now having replaced every component . i am finally on a replacement list with no eta . the samsung customer service reps have been unhelpful and unconcerned . the repair technician is the only person who has apologised and tried to push samsung - with no success
i bought this unit for my wife and we received it this week . it works great . when i registered the unit on line i found that magellan 's website showed there were software updates for this unit ( roadmate 2000 ) . i downloaded the update and after some difficulty i was able to perform the upgrade . i then found that the voice prompts no longer worked . i logged back onto their webpage and found that the firmware upgrade had been removed due to a technical issue they are working on to correct . i verified all of my settings and finally called magellan support . the support group was hard to understand ( they are located in india ) and were unable to help me . i asked if this was a problem related to the upgrade since the voice prompts worked fine before the upgrade and they would not say . they asked that i upgrade the unit again ( although the screen showing the firmware and os versions showed the new version numbers ) but by this time i was low on battery charge and could not perform the upgrade . this unit did not ship with an a/c adapter . i asked if there was a way to backout the upgrade and he ( tom ) informed me there was not . i asked the tech again if this was a known issue and what other issues i might experience with this `` upgrade '' and after some time on hold he once again was evasive and would not answer my questions . i asked for a supervisor and after some more time on hold he told me one would call me back within 24 - 48 hours . i was not happy with this and said that was unacceptable to which he put me on hold some more after i told him i thought 1 to 2 hours is more along my expectations . he came back and said a supervisor would call me back in an hour . it is well over an hour and no call so far . i tried their corp office and was routed by an aru back to india . i called their corp office again and after attempting the dial by name directory got to a receptionist named marti who would not connect me to management . she said she would send me to quality assurance and they could escalate to management if necessary . i spent about 15 minutes on hold and was finally disconnected . i love the magellan gps units and i have three ( blazer 12 , explorist 210 and the roadmate 2000 ) and each time i have had to call tech support i am very disappointed . i have to say i will not recommend their products to anyone else since i am really getting the impression they are disconnected with their client base and provide at least some answers . to be fair tom ( tech support ) did say the updated firmware will be out within a weeks time . however , until then i have a nice map on a video device with no audible prompts whatsoever . if my wife was not already used to the unit i would pay 100 bucks more and get something by another manufacturer . in summary be careful with firmware upgrades and do n't expect good customer service if you need magellan 's help .
this wireless speaker system failed to work right out of the box . however ; i had not problem with the return , which included return postage . i will purchase from amazon again
i 've owned three of interlink 's units , but that was before competitors came to market with well-designed units . the interlink pointer plastic casing is flimsy and cracks easily ; there is no off switch to prevent the laser from accidentally coming on when the unit is packed or placed in one 's pocket ; the advance and go-back buttons function most of the time , but on average miss and have to be pushed a second or third time at least 2-3 times per 30 minute presentation . although i agree with many of the points made by other reviewers who score this interlink product better than i do , it seems these other reviewers have not compared the interlink pointer with competing pointers that have identical features . for example , the kensington pointer is half the price ; the case is sturdy , has a no-slip outer coating , has a comfortable feel in the hand , and even includes a trench that serves as a holder for the receiver when not in use . placing the receiver in this trench automatically disconnects the laser so that batteries do not have to be removed when packing the unit for a trip . and the advance and go-back buttons function all of the time , not just most of the time !
i bought the version of this cable with the audio pair for an outrageous $ 60 at circuit city out of dire necessity . i have never liked monster cable because they use physics mumbo jumbo and deceit to market some seriously overpriced cables to unthinking consumers . i opened the package at home to find that the color coding on the cables was incorrect and that trial and error would be the only way to get the right connection . at their usurious price point , i find this type of defect absolutely unacceptable and furthermore i would note that the cable construction was unimpressive using a cheapish vinyl jacket on the terminations . thanks to circuit city 's return policies , i was able to return this junk and get my money back . caveat emptor - cable buyers - spend your money wisely and stop the monster cable insanity
purchased a total of 20 of these . i previously sold the american international brand sirius antenna but there was a temporary shortage in the market.four of the twenty terk brand units were dead on installation . sadly , i thought terk was a quality brand . my mistake !
i own one of these , it came packaged in my dell xps renegade . sound in a windows environment is good , as indicated by other reviews . but in a gaming environment for example world of warcraft , and not just this game , i and other user 's have experienced the squeal of death , wherein the sound will become replaced with a high pitched squeal , and may hard lock your computer . either way this can only be corrected by rebooting . check out the forums before buying any creative labs products . buyer beware !
this cd storage unit isnt the greatest cd rack but if you want something that will do the job and isnt too costly this is the thing for you . it is made from plasti
this tv only worked for three weeks . then , for no apparant reason , it suddenly would not turn on . i sent it back to coby for servicing and they sent it back still broken and with a new crack on it . no one should by from coby
i bought this as a backup drive several months ago for my home business after the iomega backup drive i was using crashed and took my backup with it . the maxtor software installs automatically when you plug in the drive so that part was really easy and it took just a few minutes . the initial backup was really easy and went pretty fast too . so far , so good . the problem is that once the initial backup takes place the backup function does n't backup new or updated files ! the scheduled backup does n't work at all . the light flashes so you think it 's working but it does n't backup any new or updated files . the synch is useless too . it 's like the backup function . it will synch your files one time but then after that it does n't synch any of your new or updated files like it 's supposed to . it 's like it takes a snapshot of your computer at a specific time and that 's it . to get around the fact that it wo n't automatically back up my files i have to manually transfer my files every few days or so which is a real pain as i have to remember what files have been updated and/or are new.i would not buy this product again . it 's not an automatic backup drive , it 's just an external drive that will back up one time but then is n't reliable at all . if you need a backup drive look elsewhere . sorry to say , this one is a complete waste of money .
i just got it and am fighting my way through getting it to work in vista ultimate . it claims to have a qam tuner , but i 'll be damned if it can find any digital/hd channels on my cable . my qam tv gets many . very disappointed , documentation is at best lacking . look elsewhere .
functions absolutely flawlessly under vista 64bit ( unlike most other cards such as my older wintv pvr-150 ) . if not for the next paragraph , i 'd give it five stars for just this . heck , it does better under vista x64 than my old card did under winxp 32 . ( disclaimer : i tested the analog video only , not the digital . ) but i discovered that it was running extrememly hot , even when just sitting their idle . so hot that you literally ca n't even touch it . ouch ! i ended up removing it from the case as i did n't trust it . perhaps it 's a vista driver issue in that the driver is not card go idle even when it 's not in use . emailed tech support but they offered no real answer other than it should n't be warm at all
very clear image ! probably the best that i saw on this kind devices ! no software availble . device is useless if you do not have windows media os . absolutely no linux support . good hardware ... but useless ... you have to buy software for ~ $ 70-120 to be able use it ...
along with reception of new hd stations i expected high quality fm & am to go with my complete top line stereo system . instead , the hdt-1 gives me very poor quality , even less than a table-top clock radio . very high output - can only turn amp up to lowest level - and painful to listen to . no response to inquiries from sangean .
i loved these earbuds for 5 weeks , right up until they stopped working . the wires to the ipod ( the stationary wires , not the ones that wind up ) disconnected or broke inside the retractable casing . for a while it worked if i taped the cord so it pushed the wires into the case . but quickly stopped working altogether.too bad , they 're comfortable , the sound is fine ( great on the bus ) , and the retraction works good .
i bought this router hoping that some of the quality in cisco 's excellent enterprise-market routers would have worn off on adopted child linksys . unfortunately , my experience has me convinced that linksys is a red-headed stepchild ( my apologies to all you red-heads ) who has learned very little from its adoptive parent.that being said , the router does work out of the box , and it is probably about par for current market offerings on home-network routers . my perusals of the dsl reports hardware forums have left me with the impression that all sub- $ 300 routers on the market suffer their quirks and behavioral anomalies , and this one is certainly no exception.pros : this router is configured to work right out of the box . you can pretty much just connect the cables and turn it on , and have functional connectivity without ever looking at a configuration screen.the html-based configuration interface is incredibly easy to use . you do n't have to learn one single command line to configure this router.default configuration was stealth mode -- meaning the router did not respond to _any_ unsolicited connection requests , forming a protective `` black hole '' on my ip for most uninvited packets.cons : not all of the features worked out of the box . several of the links in the html command pages simply did not link to anything . strange that linksys would ship the firmware without at least taking 30 minutes to hide the links that do n't point to anything.turning on the poorly documented `` firewall '' feature causes the router to respond irregularly to unsolicited connection requests . sometimes the router responds `` port closed '' to all requests . sometimes it responds `` port closed '' to some and `` port open '' to others ( the set of which does not remain consistent from one trial to the next ) . never does it maintain the stealth operation of its default configuration ( with `` firewall '' inactive ) . i 'm not sure how the `` firewall '' in this router is configured to behave , but my initial tests suggest it is more security hindrance than feature.the router 's dhcp functionality works great -- when it works . it mysteriously disengages at random intervals , requiring a reboot ( and sometimes a flash to factory defaults ) to remedy.flashing a new bios image is risky ; router failure during a flash means shipping the router back to the manufacturer - or file13 , if the warranty is out.for what it 's worth , i am still using this router . it serves its basic purpose , and while its functionality issues are annoying , there are workarounds for all of them . i probably will not buy another linksys , but the problems with this one are n't annoying enough to warrant a return.-sean hennin
as you may have read elsewhere , this router has a problem with the gre protocol used by microsoft for their pptp server ( see alan bryant 's may 27 , 2004 review ) .this will stop you using it with the built-in pptp vpn client/server which is provided with windows 2000/xp.here is the text of a complaint i have submitted to linksys ... '' i am attempting to operate a microsoft pptp server behind a befvp41 ( firmware 1.41.1 ) . i have pptp pass through enabled and port 1723 forwarded to the fixed ip address of the server but the router refuses to pass the gre protocol used by microsoft ( protocol 47 ) .in answer id 737 , you suggest forwarding port 47 presumably in a belief that this has something to do with gre . it does not and is therefore not the solution to this problem . gre does not use tcp/udp port 47 , it is 'protocol 47 ' , something entirely different.it seems that the the writer of answer 737 has neither tested this scenario nor has a true understanding of the nature of this problem.i and others have investigated this problem extensively using protocol analysers at the client and server ends and can only conclude that the present version of firmware in the befvp41 ( 1.41.1 ) is incapable of handling the gre protocol correctly.can you please advise when a fix will be implemented ? this is seriously devaluing an otherwise good product.i also suggest that you amend answer 737 as it is misleading and will frustrate others less versed in ip protocols than myself . `` i await a reply from linksys as i write this review.having said all that , if you have no interest in running the microsoft pptp server , the befvp41 may do everything else you require . it functions okay as a basic nat router and it 's stealth capabilities are good ( steve gibson 's 'shields up ' reports 'true stealth ' as long as you forward port 113 to a non-existant host ) .the in-built ipsec tunneling works well . i am using one to provide permanant tunnels to a number of befsx41 's very reliably.the web interface is a little odd at times but it does do the job reasonably and you do get used to it eventually.to summarise : a reasonable basic nat router.very good stealth.ipsec tunneling works okay ( at least to other linksys products ) .microsoft 's pptp server will not work with the current firmware version .
i bought a pair in january and loved them . sound is as lovely as everyone describes . however , there are something seriously lacking in the build quality . the soft wires felt flimsy to me when i first opened it , but i thought i 'd just take extra care . at 1 month of careful usage , the plastic-covered wires from earbuds downwards became so weather-hardened that i could almost use them as chopsticks , and makes it so the earbuds popped out at the slightest motion . at 2 months of careful usage , the wires had half-ripped from the plug -- which i repaired the best i could with unsightly electrical tape . however , at 3rd month , the left bud fell completely off . i am very disappointed -- it is one of the best-sounding phones i 've ever had ( i 've owned both grado s60 and s90 , and sennheisers ) , but man , they need to do something about making this baby last
the card works and produces a reasonable image , but the `` catalyst '' software used to drive the card is lacking/buggy . to make work , i had to disable the scsi cd burner in the system ( or the software would hang for several minutes before working ) . the sofware is slow to open/respond , beyond that the ability to size the tv window is very limited . this card replaced a standard tv card in my system that i bought for $ 25 . i used the old card more because it would open quickly and i could resize the window to be small ( non intrusive ) while i was working on other things . on the plus size , i can expand the hdtv card to larger windows while retaining a good image
heres the thing about batteries . they eat people . yeah . you can never trust a battery , cause those things are heartless . especially rayovac ... those give me the creeps . *shudder* so the next time you think about buying batteries , think about b.e.p.-batteries eat people . dont even think about it , punk
i bought the zune around christmas time of 2006 . i used it on a daily basis and was happy with it . early in april , it stopped working . after spending three ( 3 ) hours on the phone with four ( 4 ) technicians , microsoft accepted my return for repair and sent me a box to ship it to their repair facility . two ( 2 ) weeks later , i received the zune back with a note that the zune was not repaired because the problem it had was not within the warranty limitations . they did not tell me what the problem was - only that they did not fix it . i was more then dismayed . i had spent almost $ 300.00 with tax and shipping to buy this product . i did not abuse it in any way . please think twice before buying this product . if and when it breaks - microsoft will not fix it and you will be stuck with a $ 300.00 paperweight .
the suspicious side of me wants to believe that hp did a promo with their deskjet 612c - i.e . they sold the printer cheap or with big rebates as part of a system deal and decided to make up for their loss leader by limiting production and raising the price on the cartridge replacements . i would be surprised if there is any difference between the 612c black replacement cartridge c6614 and the much more common cartridge for the 660c other than a little plastic tab on the cartridge case
let me start by saying i was excited to get this product for an upcoming ski outing where four of us including two children were going . i imagined myself able to locate the kids when we tried to meet up , or find them if we got lost ( or god forbid worse ) . i bought two from amazon and bought two more from a local retailer while waiting for the amazon order to arrive . i took my girlfriend 's niece out for a practice run to see how they all worked ... five minutes later mine locked up . i went and found my niece ... '' uncle xxxx , why does the screen look all funny '' the units from the local retailer had a problem with the screen locking up ... so i exchanged them , but then , so did the two i got in exchange . i thought perhaps i got a bad batch from the local store , but when the amazon units arrived , they had the same problem . we took them out for a stroll with some friends from mba school ... the unanimous opinion after a few minutes of test use by late 20 year old and early 30s self proclaimed gear lovers ... '' dude , these % ! `` .forget , locating the people in your party , even if all your friends are incredibly patient geeks . ( i should know , i was so excited when i ordered the radios that i applied immediately for a gmrs license with the fcc ) . the rino 530 's simply do n't work well . a combined gps and family radio seems like such a great concept for a product , but at $ 400 a unit , they are pathetic . $ 1600 for four units bought me disappointment , frustration , trips to the store and time on the phone with customer service agents who act surprised that there is a problem . frankly , the gps is useless because the screen flips out every seven minutes . you have to stop , remove the belt clip and take the battery off the back and reboot ... then it happens all over again a few minutes later . the product becomes a real distraction instead of an enhancement to your outdoor activity ... you wind up thinking how great it was when you had $ 20 radios that worked.i spoke with three garmin reps who denied they knew of any problem , one told me it was a complicated piece of equipment and occasional crashes were to be expected . every seven minutes ? come on , windows 95 was more stable than that . finally , i got a guy on the phone who said , `` oh yeah , there 's a problem with the 530 's , you should avail yourself of the local return policy if you can . if not we can send you some more , but i ca n't make any promises . '' he explained that they are having an issue with the electric signal to the lcd and said they are trying to develop a firmware solution . reading the other reviews , i 'd guess they 've been unsuccessfully working on one for more than a year now ... and through multiple software releases . i am not holding my breath for working a firmware repair . i 've certainly bought products that had bugs and got better with firmware releases ( linksys routers for instance , palm treo 's ) but this is no $ 50 router , ( or generally stable $ 400 phone ) and frankly , i have to reset my router once every four months at most . this product is really bad , i wish it were better because the concept is great , but i would strongly urge anyone considering this purchase to keep your money and save yourself the headache .
i 'm not the most gadget inclined person , and this was given to me as a gift because it was easy to install and use . but i have to say i 've had a lot of frustration with this device because the gain for the mic input is tweaked out - it 's either off or on , but there 's not much gradation between the two . in fact i get almost no gain at all until i reach almost the `` 3:00 '' position on the dial . and then it 's a lot , and my vocals tend to clip out with the slightest volume variation . it basically keeps me locked into soft , close singing , and a girl ca n't do that all the time ! other than that i have n't had any problems , but that one almost renders it useless . i do n't know if there 's something more reliable ( and sane ) out there , but if there is , go for that instead . even if it costs more . why spend money on something that does n't work
buyer beware ! item was shipped with a short in the electronics and had to return . even though item clearly states that `` this is not returnable '' , i returned it anyway , only to receive more problems . stay away from this . i am refuting the credit card charges and plan on winning this one
i purchased this to replace my 10 year-old bel 846i , and was really disappointed.it is difficult to tell in the picture , but the portion of the detector that appears light grey is actually kind of silver . on its own , i would n't particularly like the color scheme , but what makes the design terrible s that the shiny silver reflects on your windshield . i ca n't believe they 'd think this was a good idea . for some reason , i was getting false laser alerts like crazy -- empty subdivisions , on the expressway without a police car in sight , parking lots ... at first , i thought my phone might be interfering with the detector , but i was getting just as many falses with the phone turned off.i 'd expect this with a cobra detector that cost half as much , but this is pretty terrible . based on other reviews , i do n't think this is isolated to a defective unit .
i bought this because i wanted a cheap no-frills phone with answering system , but it 's performed very poorly compared with the one i had previously . specifically , it 's very hard to hear anything on this phone , even with the volume set to maximum . definitely not worth buying
i bought the c. crane fm transmitter expecting to broadcast from my computer and listen to it on an fm tuner with headsets as i worked around the house and yard . it broadcast 5 or 6 feet , max , out of the box . i performed the power boosting `` fix '' and now it broadcasts 10-20 feet , if i 'm lucky , before static overpowers the signal . this was a disappointing purchase directly from c. crane that in no way met my expectations . if it requires setting the transmitter on a grounded metal plate and lengthening the antenna in order to bring transmission up to whole house and yard capabilities , build it that way from the get-go or state the limitations of this transmitter forthrightly.i kept the transmitter because i wanted one for the car . it 's physically well built and works fine for that . i also use it to play my ipod through a radio ... but , understand , the radio is sitting right next to the transmitter . if you want to transmit throughout your house and yard , look elsewhere
i purchased this item per other recommendations and that of stereophile magazine , thinking that this would be useful for broadcasting itunes and internet radio programming to other parts of my home.first , reception was terrible even with the reciever placed only a few feet away from the transmitter.second , i tried the tweak ( turning up the volume pot ) suggested in other ratings . this did n't help matters from a reception standpoint , in addition , the unit is so poorly constructed that the mere act of opening it dislodges the volume potentiometer . third , the volume pot itself is of very poor construction . in short , it does n't work , you wo n't be happy -- even if you attempt to `` fix '' it yourself -- do n't buy this product
expecting big sound and good fm station reception , buy something els
do n't buy these batteries , because they do n't last long like energizer or duracell . these eveready batteries ai n't never ready
these batteries did n't last at all . they worked ok in my remote control for my radio , but on everything else , the quality was either below-average or just horrid . my digital camera did n't even turn on with these . only recommended with low powered devices ; actually i 'd recommend a rayovac or an energizer rather than these . i know they 're only heavy duty batteries , but the quality is still below-average
the overall construction of the pedal is pretty sturdy aside from the fact that most of it is made of plastic . the sound it produces ranges from a hard overdrive to the hariest shreding distortion . the pedal deminishes tone quite a bit and does n't have a very good range ( very high notes are not processed correctly and deliver poor results ) . not bad for the money but not an investment in the least bit . i just got this because i had a gift certificate that i wanted to get rid of , otherwise i would not have purchased the item
for the first few weeks it worked fine , however , it started skipping and stopping dvds after two months . i called customer service on 85th days after original purchase date and been told to send the unit for replacement since it was still under warranty , no case number was given at the time . the unit was shipped via ups and received on 92nd days from the purchase date , and they charged $ 50 for warranty service since it was received two days after warranty expired . i called customer service again and the representative declined waiving charges because i do n't have case number issued within warranty period . in addition , please keep in mind that their service fee includes returning handling and shipping fees as well . next place for my dvd player ? trashcan *sigh* go buy another brand with 1 year warranty unless you purchase extended warranty along with this unit.pros : cheap dual screen comes with gaming pad detachable screens which is very easy to use.cons : sub lcd screen is n't sharp as main , i thought it was defective for the first time . all the games are outdate
but 20 dollars more and hideous . i have a platinum intuos2 tablet ( a high school graduation present from 2004 ) , and when i broke the pen , i ordered the regular intuos2 pen due to it 's being slightly cheaper on wacom 's site . here , the platinum is 20 dollars more ( and in my opinion , much uglier ) . i recommend buying the classic intuos2 pen
product arrived damaged . company ( antonline ) was unwilling to exchange for new item . would never buy from them again
got it in december ; cd player stopped working in april and now the radio reception is so bad i 'm tossing it . ca n't provide paperwork for refund as it was a gift
this makes no sense . if the industry standard is 4x6 , why did they , kodak , cut the paper to 4x6.5 and then advertise on the carton that it is 4x6 -- yes , i see the fine print on the back side of the carton that reads `` actual paper size is 4x6.5 '' i still do n't understand why they did this . now i have cut the pictures down to the correct size ... what a waste of my time ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
pro -- -* compact enough to fit into a jacket pocket , yet opens to a comfortable working size with full-sized keys , including a number row . for those who do serious number entry to spreadsheets , this is decidedly a deal-maker over the stowaway keyboard which requires alt-key combinations to access numbers and symbols . the full-size keys require no revamping of typing habits as does the miniaturized key spacing on the freedom keyboard.to my knowledge , there is no other folding bluetooth keyboard on the market at the time of this writing which has *both* full-size keys *and* a number/symbol row . * the bluetooth connection is clean , lag free , and accurate . con -- -* the software for gaining a connection is a bit cumbersome , requiring entry of a checkmark into a box with each use , and then an access code on a second screen with each battery replacement ( see below ) . * flimsy locking mechanism / not usable on a lap . the manual tells us that a lock is provided to keep the opened keyboard flat `` while on your lap or on a non-flat surface '' .this `` lock '' is a single piece of wire about the thickness of an undone paperclip , which travels 7/8 '' along the top of the board from the left half into the right.even when locked , the keyboard does n't lay flat , and with the center of the board hovering over the empty chasm between the user 's legs , held in place only by one thin piece of wire , the two halves bend to an increasingly exaggerated `` v '' shape after any amount of light-handed typing . hp could have saved themselves the trouble of this useless bit of cosmetics . a user must find a solid flat surface to type on , such as a book . and of course , when sitting on a flat surface , the lock is n't needed . * the manual correctly tells us that one reason to use a wireless keyboard is to `` enjoy the convenience of a wireless bluetooth connection up to 7 meters away from your ... pocketpc '' . unfortunately , the designers ignored this consideration when conceiving the non-removable cradle.a quick look at the freedom keyboard 's pull-out cradle offers hp a lesson in how to do it right . * the keyboard ships with no case , as do most other portable keyboards with non-rugged exteriors . the attractive brushed metalic exterior of the folded case thereby scratches easily in a jacket pocket containing loose change or a set of keys . * it does n't turn off.yes , you read that last bullet correctly : you ca n't turn this thing off . there 's no power switch . the button in the upper right corner of the keyboard is to establish and disengage the wireless connection between the software and the handheld ; it 's not a power switch.what this means is , even when folded and not in use , even when appearing to be dormant , and even when the software shows that there 's no bluetooth connection , the keyboard is still eating your batteries . the automatic `` sleep mode '' simply disables the wireless connection ; it does not power down the keyboard.two weeks after putting in a fresh set of batteries and not using the keyboard , you 'll return to find them dead . not the coolest way to walk into a meeting full of executives expecting you to take notes.the only way to power down the keyboard is to open the battery cover and remove the batteries . the battery cover , need i add , breaks easilly.sound unbelievable ? go to the major websites dedicated to pocketpcs , and do a search of their forums using the keywords `` bluetooth keyboard '' . this is not a case of a know-nothing customer who needs to read the manual . the manual , such as it is , makes no mention of an absent power switch.for the mobile user then , in addition to the keyboard itself , one need also travel with something stable to rest the board on , to have something to prop the handheld against if distance is desired , to carry the batteries separately , and to re-enter the access key into the software after reinserting those batteries.although the folded board will fit easily into a jacket pocket , the additional loose paraphernalia negates any usefulness of this mobile keyboard for the mobile user . add to that the marred exterior and bent lock after minimal use , the hp ipaq keyboard is worth perhaps 1/3 it 's $ 100 retail price , and then only if a consumer absolutely requires the full-size keys and number row.how hp ever expected anyone to sit still for this kind of idiocy eludes me.all potential buyers of ipaq handhelds should take this keyboard as a reflection of what , if any , emphasis hp places on quality of design and the integrity of ipaq name . it reflects also the degree of respect hp has for the intelligence of their customers . one might easily forgive a negative design attribute like the non-removable cradle , or the parsimony of not including a case . one might even forgive the useless locking mechanism.but when hp is either too dumb to include an on/off switch , or they expect us to be so dumb to not notice or care , then i must seriously doubt the usefulness of other products bearing the ipaq name . if hp is content to offer this marginally useful toy to consumers for $ 100 , then i can not believe enough magic exists in the world to suddenly make them sharp enough to produce a sophisticated device like a pocketpc for $ 300-400 . my next handheld upgrade , i 'll probably stay with fujitsu-siemens loox ( i currently use a loox720 , a truly excellent ppc ) , or maybe go with a dell axim . i wo n't even consider an ipaq . the hp bluetooth keyboard is quite simply an offense to any consumer with even the vaguest and most forgiving sense of quality . those at hp responsible for protecting public perception of the ipaq brand name should be truly ashamed of themselves .
i was very up set this walkman was a gift . it cost $ 90.00 6 months ago . it did not work right i could not get good reception at all it was complete static on all stations . i think it was defective because i always buy sony products , and they work great i still have the walkman my grandma gave me 11 years ago and it still works . buyer beware do n't buy walkmans from amazon on line . i susspect amazon may have sold me someone 's return item . although i ca n't prove it . you 'll be better off going to target or best buy . in case a refund is needed . shoppers check all your purchase 's with in a 30 day period so you wo n't get stuck with something that does not work . if i did that i could have got a full refundgood luck frien
i put this paper on the wall in my office next to a picture printer on epson heavyweight matte paper and the glossy roll picture was yellow in a little over a month . i will never buy this paper again
well i got these headphones and connected them and realized when it played the front center channel i only got sound from the front left speaker . then the rear right channel did n't work at all . after calling tigerdirect to see about a refund . the first customer service rep was rude and unwilling to help . said we had to ship it back to them in the orginal big brown ups box with all the extra millions of packing peanuts . after getting the management on the phone they were more willing to help but its not enough . the headphones feel cheap and the wires are not color coded like everyone else uses . the instructions are lacking and the speakers that did work in them did n't sound that good at all
i bought this mouse hoping to use it with my new hp dv2000 laptop , with internal bluetooth , i was excited about the instant view feature and the lazer percision , however when i got the mouse connected it worked , but no instant viewer ? turns out the instant viewer only works if you have the dongle pluged in ... but ... the reason i bought a `` bluetooth '' mouse was in order to avoid a dongle breaking off in the side of my laptop.on top of all this the extra two buttons on the sides are awkwerd to press , i have to contort my fingers in a arthritus inducing cramp to press them , nothing like my old microsoft mouses ' cozy side button.the middel mouse button also is annoyingly resistant to press in order to activate mouse button three ... which is set to activate the `` amazing '' instant viewer , which is decent , but useless without the dongle.as far as lazer percision , not too noticable , my kingston rf lazer mouse seemed to preform better.the only reason i gave it a 2/5 is the charger is nice , the battery is good and it has a nice brushed aluminum finish , which feels nice and cool against the palm.this makes a decent desktop mouse , if you use the dongle which they include the connectivity is good and the percision is nice . not something i 'd recomend for a laptop user . for the price overall subpar
despite the claim that both units take aa batteries , the unit we recieved takes 9v batteries . that is somewhat annoying because one of the reasons we bought this model was because of the aa battery usage as advertised . will review performance when we 've had a chance to use it .
i have owned this monitor for a little bit over one year and it died on me right after the one year warranty expired . the customer services rep told me that it will be $ 110 for a repair which i can almost buy a new one if i pay the shipping on top of that $ 110 . i have other eight ( 8 ) lcd monitors in the house and no one has such a bad quality . i 'll newver buy any proview products ever . i will give zero star if there is one
i bought this drive in late 2003 , and it 's gone through a moderate amount of use in a home environment since then . the positives first - though it has an 8mb buffer it is very fast , and can even stand its ground against some newer disks with larger buffers . it does make quite a bit of noise and heats up a bit more compared to my older 40gig and 20gig wd 's , and the newer seagates . 2.5 years after purchase , the drive started corrupting files like crazy . wd has tools on their site to check your disk status , and sure enough it was due for an rma . when i checked the warranty status online , 6 months had mysteriously 'vanished ' from my warranty period . the drive warranty had started 6 months before i 'd purchased it ! anyway , it was still valid and they sent me a replacement very quick.still , this is my second wd drive to die , and i 'm going with other brands from now .
i just bought a 25 pack of these along with my new liteon dvd burner . to bad only half of the cd players in my house can even read them . i dont ' think its the lightscribe side thats causing the problem as it does n't seem to matter if i `` lightscribe '' them or not.the burner works fine with all of the other media i 've tried so i 'd avoid these discs like the plague
i use to love maxtor . still have one from 1999. so got this box hoping it would be a flexible way to go between two computers . well , the darn thing crapped out within two months and all the data was gone . i did have a lot of it backed up but still , what a pain . now that seagate owns them , spend a few bucks more and get a seagate drive . or get a couple of these and raid them . but sending the thing back to get it exchanged is a pain and you are out over 30 bucks in shipping
this item is absolutely worthless , do n't waste your time ! i 'm returning mine to target tomorrow . there are laws against false advertising , i do n't know why they 're not enforced.i will never buy anything made by belkin again .
i bought one of these when i bought my macbook to keep it in pristine condition , just a few months ago . i just popped it off to clear out a little bit of debris that got caught between the cover and the macbook and find that all along the cover has been scratching my macbook.they should at least have had the foresight to make the plastic in contact with the macbook of a softer material , or created a design where it wo n't rub against the laptop.really stupid design . it may have protected against some very minor scratches , but likely i 'm worse off for using this cover ( scratches on the outside of the cover are more evenly dispersed than those now on the macbook but both are of similar severity ) . i do n't think in the long run it was worth $ 40 , and i feel very misled by the marketing for this cover . given the choice again i would have either gone for another brand or just saved my money
and also gave my children an amusing exhibition of what it was like to try to tune in a station on a tv circa 1963 . pulled in weak signals from about 3 stations 18 miles from nyc broadcast towers .
this product only works properly if you have a phone line and are using skype . do not use this product if all you plan to use is skype , it does not react well to this scenario . but , if you are looking for a way to get cheap long distance for your existing phone service this is a great device
a nightmare ! do n't buy from electronics expo ! the 1st sharp 52 ' lcd tv was late , had a smashed hdmi & 4 dead pixels . the replacement tv had even more dead pixels & electronics expo , sharp , amazon & visa all gave me a horrible time & no respect . so i am stuck with 2 damaged tvs now & still fighting for a refund . my advice to all - get a sony from a local store for perfection & no worries
hello , i purchased the avic-d2 , xm and the ipod kit from amazon . i then went to my local installer and confirmed with them that they could install all three devices and still allow my factory rear entertainment center to function in the new setup . after 3.5 hours they failed . i decided that i 'd return the items because i needed to get an alternative gift before christmas and i did n't have time to find another way to get it installed . i was able to return the d2 , but the gex-p10xmt and the ib100ii are not returnable . it turns out that amazon brokered my sale to three other companies that have differing return policies . had i realized that amazon would sell me something that i ca n't return i would have purchased elsewhere . at this point i will never purchase anything else from amazon ever again
horrible . the gears ingage before the tape is even loaded . you have to force the tape into the moving gears and hold down the tape door as it does not latch to stay closed on it 's own . when the tapes are rewinding it is very loud and slams the tape when it is done . you can just hear the damage being done . this model destroyed several of my daughters tapes . we really needed a rewinder to preserve our vcr and chose this model because it has an option to clean the tapes , preserving them also - this would be great providing it functioned properly . thinking maybe i got a defunct one i had amazon send out another , it too functioned in the exact same manner . nope mine was n't bad , their all bad , this model is disfunctional . i 've advised amazon not to carry units that they have become aware do not work properly . i wish amazon direct had good models to choose from , this one is not
i am very happy with my meridian color and the other mapsend products i have purchased , however , at first i couldnt get this product to work.i had no problem getting this software to run with xp ( even without the patch ) , however i couldnt view the basemap i had loaded onto my magellan . i tried to address this with the company . it has been three days now and they have not even returned my emails . customer service for this product is nonexistant.i joined the yahoo message board and got a simple answer to my question in about four hours someone posted the answer . turns out i just had to go to the menu -- card utilities and maunually select the basemap . i did not know that basemaps dont change automaticaly like the detailed maps do.i cannt say enough great things about my experience with my magellan meridian color though . navigating through hungary like a pro , i didnt miss a single turn . i would never recommend any of their products to someone who isnt willing or doesnt have the aptitude to learn about it . the magellan meridian series is in my opinion the finest product on the market for what it does , portability it provides and is 100 percent upgradable with new software and new maps.get you head out of your a__ thales . you have some great products , but you are blowing your customer support base with non existant customer support . i recommend anyone with a question about softward or the gps join the yahoo groups and post the question there . dont waste your time with customer support .
this unit is not compatible with the sprint ppc 6700 as posted above ! make sure you call pioneer with your telephone model number for compatibility . i tried the ppc 6700 and my wife 's phone ( another sprint phone , not sure on the model number ) . both have issue and pioneer 's customer service agent was horrible and would not help solve this issue , only to blame me for not calling pioneer first ! this unit is the first device that was not compatible with my phone that i ran into
the clear plastic windows of the sleeves emit a strong chemical smell . i bought two boxes ; both boxes stank . maybe if you pay a little more you get the non-stinky kind.you get red , orange , yellow , green and blue sleeves , 10 of each
i was hopeful about using this mouse for gaming , and its response time did deliver . it is more precise in it 's cursor control than any other mouse i 've used.however , it was apparently designed for someone with smaller hands than me . i find it 's side buttons are difficult to use . they 're very small and their action is not to my liking.further , i was hoping that third party drivers would provide the ability to use all of the buttons when using mac os x tiger . the steer mouse driver provided the best support and it supports everything except the right side buttons . i 've found nothing that supports those buttons on the mac platform to date
i 'm a gamer . i play for hours a day and currently use a simple ms intellimouse optical . well i was looking for something a little more pro , and in my searching i saw the razer line of gaming mice . i uncharacteristly ordered one based on the specs without trying one out , only to find that it is far too bulky and uncomfortable to play with . it 's got large rubber triming down each side , so it is cumbersome to get to the left side buttons . i only say the left side because the right side buttons are so miserably place you will never , ever , be able to reach them during game play . it also feels too long and flat , so the scroll wheel is note easily reached , and your hand does not rest comfortably . yeah , it looks great , and i 'm sure it 's doing an amazing job a moving precisely . however , i ca n't get it to move correctly in my hand due to its horrible shape , so for gaming , it 's rather worthless .
comes preconfigured with a private ip address . upon changing the units ' address to match my home network it locked up and became unuseable . i sent it back . poor product . i might add that i make my living configuring networks . this is a poor product , period
i set up everthing according to the quick install . all setting is correct but i still could not print . i call technical support , on hold for 20 minuts then told me he was not the right support agent . back in the loop i go . wait for 30 more minutes 2nd agent told me the same thing . do n't waste your time calling thier support . if it work out of the box great if not return it do n't waste ur life like i did
i bought these head phones because i read all the reviews that gave it 4 's and 5 's , so i expected a lot out of them . the truth is you really should n't ... they do n't sound particularly awesome and i was rather disappointed that i actually spent close to $ 30.00 after shipping and stuff . the mid-highs and highs sound fine , but i had issues with bass and mid-low response , especially when i plugged it into my computer . plus they are not super comfortable either ; the hinges nip at your neck when you do n't have them on your head and they fit funny if you have glasses.all in all , i wished i had spent my money on something else . but they do look pretty cool .
i got this and the rangebooster is a lie . it has not boosted any kind of range on my network . it also goes in and out of service often . i wasted my money on this one
i installed this in my new garmin nuvi gps prior to making a trip to iowa city , iowa . thought that it would provide some information useful about the city and the surrounding area . found that there is not a single location in the memory that covers anywhere in iowa . this is advertised as a north american travel guide . did they move iowa
the printer works great as a usb printer , a fax machine , and copier.it may as well not even have a network port on it.the networking driver will find the printer , but then it goes back to searching for a printer , and this loop continues till you give up.i ca n't tell if thr network scanning works because of the above driver problem.i can tell you that a dell 1600 works great as a network printer , network scanner , fax & copier . we have 3 of these and we tried this hp 3055 and i would not reccommend it to anyon
amazon recommends the $ 59 apple protection plan for the ipod shuffle -- 2nd generation -- -- be advised the apple store offers a $ 39 2yr plan for just the ipod nano 2nd gen and ipod shuffle 2nd gen . both plans work great , if you have one of these two new machines save yourself $ 20
i bought 2 of these drives to set up a raid1 array ( mirror ) and one of them continuously has errors , causing the array to be degraded . i called tech support and they said these drives do not support raid . big let down , i have to go for the server version which will end up costing much more
i bought this humidifier reading the reviews here . but when i actually used for a few days , i found that it provided no relief from dryness while sleeping or during the day . it pretty much did nothing except make the room hotter . i would not recommend this to anyone
i have been a fan of western digital hard drives for many years , but that ended with this product . i purchased an essential edition 250gb drive for my daughter as a christmas gift , by new years it was doa . giving wd the benefit of the doubt , i exchanged it for an identical replacement . this one made it until early march . three clicks and it turns off . wd says there is nothing i can do but return it under a rma . they can do nothing about the lost data . so much for using this drive for backing up important files . i 've have had at least a dozen wd drives over the years and never had a failure , they just became obsolete because of their size . this produce however ... .stay away
do n't believe the claim that you can `` just plug it in and it 's ready to use . '' this product is set up for windows , and the instructions for installing the drive for a mac fail to mention that you have to reformat the drive to remove the windows software . it 's easy to become hopelessly fouled up.do n't expect any help from western digital . if you can actually get connected to them , and your call is n't dropped while you wait for 40 minutes or so , you 'll get a customer rep who reads to you from the same useless manual that came from the drive . their web site help is equally useless
this kit is neat ; i have to admit that . it comes with all the materials needed to make a nice little coffee table book . however , the kit itself is a little pricey considering that a ) there 's only 10 pages , b ) the pages are only 5 x 7 , and c ) the pages are not double-sided . the software included , although as simple and easy-to-use as can be , is so limiting , it does n't actually feel like you have made this book yourself . instead , it 's as though you 're in preschool , bringing in the pictures and having teacher put it together for you . you can arrange different page setups for different themes as you please , but there is seldom the precise one that you really want . it does n't help that half of the themes have these cutesy `` scrap book '' elements that look absolutely ridiculous.however , the book itself is pretty slick once you make many , many comprimises . the only reason i gave this two stars is for the materials included
purchased for my daughter , an english teacher , scrabble lover . she said she 'd rather have a book to look up words and most of the features on the franklin she 'd never use and thought they took away from the mental challenge of the game . she said it would end up on a shelf in her house . she 'd rather have a paperback scrabble dictionary . i returned the franklin . she did n't even like the idea of taking it to school for her kids to use when she lets them play scrabble in class
i purchased the rino 130 specifically because it also had the radio and noaa features . fortunately i read the other reviews on this model as well as the 120 and 110 versions that complained about poor radio performance . i tested the unit and sure enough the radio performance is absolutely terrible , and i was able to return the unit to amazon in time for a full refund . be sure to test this yourself . also the buttons are very small , and the zoom function is impractical as you constantly have to activate the zoom and then slide the zoom level up and down . i returned the rino 130 and purchased a garmin etrex legend c ( color display ) for about the same price . i will miss the noaa feature of the 130 but not the radio . this is an overpriced gps . spend the money on a color display unit instead and you will not be disappointed
do n't buy it . in the 6 months i had the phone , the screen burnt out so i can see the numbers , the answering machine is horrible , and i get better reception from my baby monitor . i had a cheap panasonic beforehand which was much better . this was a complete waste of $ $ . hooking it up to your pc to get those `` cool '' features is just a pain . i 'm having a tough time returning this . be careful
while i have been very pleased with the performance of this product , configuration and setup was very easy , and even updates to the device are easy to do , it 's not reliable.it seems that every 3 or 4 days i lose connection to the internet . this is a 7 pc network , couple of servers . there really is n't huge bandwidth being used . but it is like it gets frozen - you ca n't ping it , you ca n't get to anything on the outside like the gateway or dns servers , and a simple power reset gets it working again.nothing is in the log , i have to believe this is some sort of firmware problem . i have checked all the ideas on netgear 's site without help . i know at least some of the time it freezes during the middle of the night , when no one is using it . could it be getting zapped from the outside somehow ? but it sure is not reliable , i ca n't recommend it
this router has to be one of the worst made products on the market , and has the poor customer service . this router was defective out of the box , took 3 weeks of communication with linksys 's customer service before i finally just returned it and build my own router with the same functions
i recently bought this thinking i could use it to upgrade my ti-86 calculator . to my surprise i heard it was incompatible with xp . i supposed the worst that could happen is that it would n't work . as soon as i recieved the cable it said to go to the website ... so i went and updated the software specific to my calculator . after the installation it asked me to restart . after the restart i immediatly recieved a blue screen of death and luckily windows xp found out it corrupted a file in the registry and fixed it but were it not for that i would have to do a format . i have not fully installed it yet as now i have started backing up everything as a just in case scenerio however i warn users that when buying this product be cautious as this is not 100 % xp compatible and may mess up your system
this item , produced and marketed exclusively for the iaudio x5 , is entirely useless . the carrying case does not comply with the measurements of the device itself . the only way to insert the device into the limited size and shape of this carrying case would be to cut the case wide open with scissors . even if one could somehow manage to squeeze an iaudio into the tiny case , the designers forgot to install an opening for the charger . i returned mine immediately . if you order this item you will be frustrated with a poorly designed , ill-fitting , unacceptable piece of worthless junk
i just wasted $ 16.35 on this piece of junk . it arrived quickly , and became unusable even faster.for those of you used to disposable screen covers , there is only one in this package ! the instructions say you can clean it , but it came out of the packaging with lint on it , which immediately adhered to the sticky side , and could not be cleaned off . since the package was opened , it could not be returned .
this is a good product . not as good as an mp3 player with internal memory , as it is bulkier . but , it is great for the price . the only drawback is , it is somewhat larger than a player with internal memory . running with it can be uncomfortable at times ... if you are a runner , you may prefer a smaller mp3 player , one you can put in your shorts pocket ...
this is my third asus mother board . all were great , manual was excellent and email support was swift . now all of these reasons to buy asus are missing . manual provides no assistance , zero . faq online , nothing . email for assistance , no reply . asus user forum , no help . got all accomplished without assistance . went to register ... . and could n't get that done , so i gave up on it . i 've wasted 38 hours on account of missing basic information & support . my previous motherboards ( asus ) were well documented with excellent definitions of bios options , etc . everything went smoothly . i expected the same excellent support from asus today , i did n't get it . no more asus . be ware
with no mode settings ( repeat , shuffle , etc ) or shock protection , this cd player is pretty undesirable , but if you 're just looking for something to hold you over then this 'll do . it has all the basic features of a cd player of course and it works alright . it could be with just mine , but every pair of headphones , new and old , that i use with it , the left begins to malfunction although when using those same headphones in another cd player or speakers , they work fine . like i said , if you just want a temporary thing then i guess this is good for you
i thought this item came with or you had a choice of color . it did not . it is silver with black trim . it is also not very portible , you have to play it while its sitting on a flat , level surface .
first off the software is horrible ! ! i have xp media center and the win2000 interface program wo n't even run . the hardware drivers interfere with other programs on my computer ; now my cineplayer has no sound and when i double click on my speaker icon in my tray , an error message comes up saying i have no active mixer devices available . i spent hours trying to resolve and my computer is still messed up . the remote is useless , i will have to get a microsoft remote , and the picture quality using media center is poor at best . save your money and avoid this item . if you have to try it , i highly recommend installing norton goback or similar software to undo the problems you will have . you have been warned ! !
i find these ear buds to be absolutely uncomfortable . i would rate the product a zero if it were an option . i ca n't even use them because they 're too uncomfortable to wear . not worth the money , even though they 're cheap
these are $ 10 headphones . there 's nothing amazing about them in my opinion . i bought them to use with my ipod when i 'm out , or at work . right out of the box , i was disappointed with the fit , and i know everyone is going to be different , but for me they just are n't comfortable . the sound quality is clear , but very thin and lacking bass . even when i 'm pressing them into my ears to get the best possible fit , the bass just is n't good . eq settings to boost the bass do n't help either , and often reduce sound quality even more . the ear clips do n't really seem to do that much either . they kind of keep them on your ears but do n't really hold them in your ears at all . the ear pieces tend to get tangled together easily as well.in summary , i would n't recommend these for music , but if you want a cheap pair of headphones for listening to audio books or some other kind of spoken word , they might be good-if you can tolerate them in your ears for that long
just a heads-up for people looking to use this scanner to scan slides . you will have to unmount the slides in order to be able to scan them . given the verbiage on the box , it caught me as enough of a surprise that i returned the scanner . i 'm not ok with deception like that
these blank discs are defective . i was never able to record any pictures or audio data to them.the maxell blank discs that i have did the job fine .
i ordered this item thinking that it would be useful when on the road in hotel rooms to light up my work area . wrong ! ! the light is so dim , the only thing it might be good for is a night light ! this lamp is a good idea , but much too weak to be of any help
i was looking for a small cheap mp3 player and i did n't care how much memory it had so this seemed perfect for me . i saw that many people had rated this 4 and 5 stars so i decided to buy it . when i got the creative nano i was really happy with its preformance until i tried to put my subscription music onto it . thats when i learned that it would n't hold any subscription music forcing me to buy my music one by one which is costing a lot of money.after that i started realising all of its imperfections . you ca n't use the fm radio in the car without hearing mostly static . you ca n't search through songs without actually changing the song you are listening to . do n't get me wrong , there are some good sides to this mp3 player but i still would definately not recommend it
i am very unhappy with the product i received from tiger.it was not what i wanted and to return it would cost me more than i paid for it.the company charges tooooo many fees.i am very unhappy & now i have a product that i ca n't use or return
