i received my kingston 256mb sd card just as advertised.the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after iordered . worked perfectly and i 'm very satisfied
works well , especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use . i have my nes and snes , both of which have huge ac adapters , plugged into this . it saves tons of space on my power strip.the design is a little clumsy though , so it 's only getting 4/5
not as easy to use as a larger panasonic i used to own butotherwise fine . good sound . using cd player and radio.buying via amazon as usual is super
it worked much better than expected . the page clips also were very good , but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning/using the item ( i put it back on , but fell off a couple more times ) . i also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well .
it 's speedy and space saving and inexpensive . i bought this to replace my belkin because the belkin needed to be plugged in . this one is powered by your computer so there 's no extra power cords , which is a big plus to me . the only thing i dislike about this is the fact that the hub takes up two usb ports instead of just one like the belkin .
i 've had a number of universal remotes over the years and each has had pluses and minuses to offer . the monster remote is a very effective universal remote on all accounts but there is one thing that stands out here above all the other remotes . wireless control over lighting . i replaced my dimmers and switches with the monster dimmers and switches and now i can control every light in my house . monster really does n't talk much about this feature but being able to hit `` all off '' at night on my way to bed and have the remote turn off all the house lights is killer . you can even map ligthing scenes to activities . if you hit watch a movie it can turn down the ligths at the same time . really cool . good job monster .
i really do n't have much to say about this book holder , not that it 's just a book holder . it 's a nice one . it does it 's job . it 's a little too expensive for just a piece of plastic.it 's strong , sturdy , and it 's big enough , even for those massive heavy textbooks , like the calculus ones . although , i would not recommend putting a dictionary or reference that 's like 6 '' thick ( even though it still may hold ) . it 's got little clamps at the bottom to prevent the page from flipping all over the place , although those tend to fall off when you move them . but that 's no big deal . just put them back on . this book holder is kind of big , and i would not put it on a small desk in the middle of a classroom , but it 's not too big . you should be able to put it almost anywhere when studying on your own time .
after using my im716s for about 4 months now i have a few things to say about them.1 ) price : lists for $ 199 on altec 's site . $ 70 is a steal.2 ) quality : top notch in the earphones , the clip on the volume module is weak.3 ) performance : bar none best i 've had . these things outperform the huge logitech ear muff set i use mainly to mow in . these things allow me to mow the lawn without having to jack up the volume to drown out the mower.4 ) conclusion : the only thing that stops me from saying these are perfect is the volume module can be a pain and get in the way . when moving around , you need to have it clipped to something , otherwise it can create inner ear noise . this can get quite annoying . i 've also caught the cord on things , causing the clip to bend away from the module . it is removeable and i was able to bend it back . if there were a pair of equal quality w/o the module , even for the same price , i 'd go that route . with that said , i am in no way regretting my purchase and will recommend these to anyone asking me about them or my 60gb video ipod
this is perfect for my ipod and keeps it totally secure while driving . great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly .
always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year
this cf card is so fast that i can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps . no lag or slow down . that is amazing . it makes my camera perform better . ( canon rebel xt
i installed this unit on my hp amd 64 x2 with a 19-inch lcd monitor . installation was very straightforward , with no problems experienced . the unit has two rows of power outlets - eight outlets total . all are surge protected , but only one row has battery backup . each row includes an outlet that is offset to allow transformer power supplies to be connected and still accommodate use of the other outlets . the unit also surge protects the incoming telephone line , and interacts well transparently my dsl service.the unit comes with a usb connector cable that is used to transfer information between the unit and the computer . also included is `` powerchute personal edition '' software . this software replaces the ups option used under the `` power '' icon of widow 's xp control panel . powerchute pe allows user selection of alarms and power options to best fit the user 's needs . powerchute pe automatically loads at computer startup , and resides as an icon on the right-side of the window 's task bar . it monitors the unit 's status , and provides information concerning abnormal power events that have occurred for future reference.in order to assure that there is enough battery power for this unit to operate properly , i only attached the pc and monitor to the powered row of outlets . transformers seem to use a lot of power , and to gain the most time available for adequate shut-down times they should only be plugged into the `` surge only '' outlet row.when a/c power fails , the unit immediately picks up the power load . it will then begin to shut down the pc if a/c power does not become available shortly . the default method it uses is to place the pc into `` hibernation mode '' , saving the desktop exactly `` as is '' for future start-up . it accomplished this task with my pc perfectly.if i had wanted a ups to keep my computer running for several minutes during an a/c power outage , this is not the unit i would have purchased . however , to keep my system from re-booting due to the power being interrupted momentarily , or to shut down the pc safely should the power outage last longer , this is a cost-effective solution for those tasks .
i used it in brasil and had it developed . i was very happy with it . it was the very first time i 've used a digital camera
i had two unworking disks ( one a ps2 game and the other a psx game ) so i picked this up and both work fine now ! the only thing is you 'll have to run it through a couple times . if you run it through once you 'll see little difference ... but for the price and since it does work ... eventually , i still give it a 5 out of 5 .
what an amazing product for such a small price . it works right out of the box , but to get full functionality you need to install the encolsed drivers . the option of mouse or pen makes it useful for everyday pc work as well using the pen for graphics . i use it mainly for teaching via phone and use the whiteboard in messenger to communicate in words and pictures . it really makes a difference.the unit seems well made and i like the fact you can personalise the tablet to add a picture of your choice . i opted for the smallest in the range for value , and was not disappointed , but i am sure for more commerical use or for artwork a much bigger screen would be better , but at cost.the software bundle is ok too if you do n't already have photoshop tools.the one quibble is that at home when i installed the drivers it continued to crash my pc with my wireless keyboard installed . not ideal , but as i dont use it at home any longer it is not a problem for me , but be careful , i am sure there will be a fix somewher
i like it very much , i use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather . i would buy kingston again
i got this card last month and i 've been using it heavily . its been great . its sturdy and can has great range . there are a few problems though. # 1 there is no case for the card. # 2 the included browser only lasts for 30 days and its horrible . luckily i had netfront 3.1 # 3 memory stick lan software will occasionally error , but a soft reset will fix it.otherwise its a great little expansion card
i love my tooldial and its ' software . my only complaint is that you must have a very large proccessor to run it effectively . i frequently find that it gums up photoshop and in-design a little . overall great product and i expect them to have some updates to work out the bugs . works very well in tandem with a wacom tablet
this is a great card reader for the price . why pay more if this one reads the all cards that you have ? personally , i only use compactflash and sd cards . it reads these cards and it does it fast and reliably.the shape of this card reader is a bit awkward but then again it does help you grab the unit while inserting and removing cards , which you 'll want to do a bit carefully . it would be a bit more difficult to do that with the unit lying flat on the desk . remember to never force the card in and remember the label side faces towards the sandisk logo on the card reader . it is slightly tricky to get the cards into the slots at first , but once you get the feel of it , it beccomes quite easy and routine.this sandisk has led indicators that are helpful . one amber led to tell you the unit is connected to your usb , and other green ones by each card slot to let you know either that you have a card insert ( solid green ) , or that it 's reading or writing ( blinking green ) .this card reader comes with a 1 year warranty and i feel it represents a good value . i would recommend it
the sandisk reader is impossible to misuse . it loads quickly and it 's compact shape offers most options for memory . it can be mounted vertically with attached stand for sleek ease of use or compacted flat to be discreet . i would prefer a little more weight so that it does n't move around on my desk so i 'm giving it only 4 stars . if i had to replace this reader , i would buy another sandisk
i agree that these are not top of the line . but they are n't bad at all . i get coasters occassionally even from top of the line media.i always burn at half the speed the media is designed for - 2x in this case . it takes longer , but i get good results . i am rarely in a hurry to burn a dvd.i would buy these again . ** updated on 7/3/2005 **i have bought a new computer recently and i have been burning these dvds with full speed supported by the writer and no coasters what-so-ever . very happy with this product
i , like many other people that have written reviews here , researched the purchase of an mp3 player in great detail . other members of my family own ipods , and that is the direction that i was heading until i did a massive amount of research . if you want to rip the thousands of songs that you already own on cd , this is the unit that you want . ipod will not let you download your own songs , i did not know that until after i purchased this player ( thankfully ) . this unit was the highest rated unit by far that i was able to scour the internet for . if this is your first purchase of an mp3 player ( like mine ) buy this one , no questions asked . do not worry about trying to buy $ 80 ear buds the sound from the ear buds that come with the player is unreal . crisp , clear , awsome base and i have only turned up the player to 23 on the volume it goes up to 40 . i can not hear the home stereo that my wife is listening to or my kids that are running around the house playing . i received this player in the mail today at 5:30 when i got home from work and by 6:35 i have transfered the 114 artists folders ( about 4,000+ songs ) that i had ripped on my computer last week ( about 35 to 40 minutes to transfer the music to the staging folder and then to the player ) .i would recomend buying the cradle , it helps in standing it up on the desk or over the stereo , which i plan to do to play all my music on my outdoor speakers by the pool.absolutley buy this unit . i have only messed wit it for a couple of hours and i have a high performance expectation and it has met it
i bought this keyboard originally for the lcd screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games i play . i was suprised to learn that this is more than a pretty keyboard with an lcd hanging off of it . it 's the best-feeling keyboard i 've ever owned . the keys take just the right amount of pressure to operate , and the switch to disable the windows key is a welcome feature . the backlighting is bright , day or night , and the programmable g-keys make executing complicated key combinations in games or business applications a thing of the past . highly recommended
i 'm very happy with the set . although not listed in the specs , it must have a qam tuner , because i am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all i have is basic cable . i was thrilled when i made this discovery . watching football games in hd , without paying for digital cable , almost made me weep with happiness.the picture quality for analog channels is only so-so . i really wish the remote was illuminated . also , amazon took much longer to deliver the tv than was promised . other than these negatives , i 'm very happy
we have the original itrips but wanted this one for travel since it is much eaiser to tune in . the originals work great around town because it is always set on the same station . after reading the instructions i plugged the new itrip in and it worked perfectly just like the originals . not only did it work but it worked from 40 feet away . that is better than i expected after reading all the feedback . i 'm not sure what everyones problem is . it 's not a radio tower , it 's a transmitter the size of your finger . i get the feeling that some people think it should power the city block .
i have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance . the disaster recovery software provided with this drive is it 's biggest star . you can format your hard drive , put in the restore disk that you create for your system , and in about 15 minutes your system is put back to exactly the way it was when you created the disk . or you can simply replace selected files if you want . it does not miss a single thing . fanstastic . the software is extremely user friendly and guides you through the process easier than an `` abc '' book . i would highly recommend this drive for performance and ease of use
works great ! ! ! i have a flat roof that does not allow me to add a phone line and the only way to use my satilite system is with a long phone cord accross my room . this jack extension helped me eliminate the long ugly cor
ok , i got this as gift so i got nothing to lose right ! well , this little gadget will be my first open door to the ipod world and i got ta say that it really gives me an awsome impression toward what apple has accomplished for ipod shuffle.ever since i unpacked this little thing , it has been with me everywhere ! on the go , exercise , sleeping ... .anywhere you have pockets to put it , ipod shuffle is always with me whenever i needed some kick of tunes , its ultra light and portability has really achieved what it meant to accomplish in the first place and talking about 1 gb of stores mp3 for about 16 hrs of playtime , it is just too hard not to fall in love with this little part of me ... lol ! sound quality is decent too and it is quite easy to charge and transfer/update tunes on the go . so if you are a fast paced , mobile and not a control freak , then ipod shuffle is definitely a good way to get giggy with it
if you own a canon digital camera this printer is great . it is portable and makes great prints . people think they are from a photolab . it is also vey easy to use . i have seen other mini printers from olympus and sony and they are not as good . they cost more too
i recently purchased this as a replacement for my monster cable . i must say that i am quite impressed . this is the best fm transmitter i have encountered.i live in seattle . there is a fairly saturated fm dial , and the unique topography of the surrounding area has a tendency to deflect certain signals . that said , i only have minor problems with interference , the most common of which is moderate distortion in the upper ranges.functionality is pretty much seamless in my car . i drive a 2003 ford focus . the 12v power jack is position to the left of my in dash cd changer , so accessibility is not an issue.if anyone is in the market for an fm transmitter for their ipod , i highly recommend this one . `` that 'll do , pig . that 'll do .
overall a very nice charger , though recharge times are n't even close to what is advertised . the display is very nice as is the ability to charge individual batteries instead of having to do it in a pair . the 900 mah hold such a small charge that they are almost worthless .
title : intuos3 tabletpublisher : wacompublish date : unknownisbn/model # : ptz631wreviewer : robert saucierrating : 5 starsin 1997 , after buying a new top-of-the-line 450mhz pentium ii system , i splurged on a wacom artz ii tablet . oh , my ! pressure-sensitive , tilt-sensing , pointer control , assignable function pads ; it was heaven.after a couple of years , every time i tried to use it with my primary graphics application , my computer would spontaneously reboot -- a bit counter-productive . i watched for new drivers and new versions of my application but , as technology marched on , my beloved tablet and graphics application continued their spats.sadly , i disconnected the tablet and gently packed it away . lately , i 've been feeling the pull once more , that urge to use a pen to do photo touch-ups instead of my mouse . miraculously , a wacom intuos3 6-inch by 11-inch tablet dropped , almost literally , into my lap . sleek , gun-metal gray , sexy -- with a comfort-grip pen ( much like my coveted pilot g2 pens ) and a mouse ! even better , the intuos3 comes bundled with 3 applications that show off its capabilities : adobe elements 4.0 , corel painter essentials 3 , and nik color efex 2.0 le . heaven just got better ! the intuos3 has over 5000 lines per inch of resolution , over twice that of the wacom graphire product line , and , with its usb 2 connection , there 's more than enough communication bandwidth , meaning better tablet to application response . one hesitation i have when adding a new piece of hardware is in regard to what the driver will do to my system ; will it introduce instability or get along with everyone else . the intuos3 driver has been rock-solid in the two weeks that the tablet has been living with me . i 've used all of my `` usual '' programs and have had no problems at all . the tablet has also been peacefully co-existing with two external drives , a wireless desktop receiver , a card reader , a scanner , and a printer , all riding the same usb bus.the intuos3 has 8 `` chordable '' buttons , 4 at each side of the tablet , to which keys , macros , or other actions may be assigned . the default for each group are the usual alt , ctrl/command , and shift , along with `` space '' . the placement of the buttons allows you to keep a grip on the tablet , holding one or more of the buttons , while tapping whatever key on the keyboard with your pen hand . being chordable , you can hold any or all of the buttons down for those tricky shortcuts like alt-ctrl-s or to the side of each of the two button pads are touch strips which can be independently programmed as well . the default setting is to scroll or depending on the context . the ends of the strip , in keystroke mode , can be set to playback macros . the pen , with its 1024-level pressure-sensitive stylus and `` eraser , '' also has a duoswitch . the duoswitch 's two positions may also be programmed.the pen action is smooth with the default nylon nib -- there are different types of nibs to simulate different types of tactile feedback . with the ergonomic grip , the pen is extremely comfortable to hold . the 5-button mouse , designed to be used by either `` righties '' or `` lefties , '' is not as ergonomically correct but considering the versatility , this is more than acceptable . as with every other clickable/pressable feature associated with the intuos3 , the mouse buttons are programmable with a ridiculous number of options , although i 've yet to find the `` fix photo , '' `` illustrate article , '' or even the `` design website '' settings.i can see only two very minor changes that i would make to this fantastic product . i would love to see the ability to add weight to the pen . it is just a bit too light for my personal tastes and considering how configurable the tablet is already , this feature would be the feather on the cap to me . the other change would be making the drawing surface transparent as it is on the graphire ( and was on the artz ii ) . sometimes , having the ability to trace an outline can save significant time.for the casual home user , i would recommend the graphire product line -- this intuos3 model 's srp of $ 369 may be a bit high where a $ 99 entry point on the graphire is more affordable . for the pro-consumer or professional , however , whether doing photo editing ( my primary use ) or illustration , the intuos3 line is well worth the investment . it 's great to be in heaven again ...
i bought the sansa m240 two months ago and am quite happy with it . it 's light-weight , holds plenty of media ( i have yet to fill it up ) and the sound is suprisingly good . no complaints
the other effusive reviews are spot-on ... the picture is fabulous on new dvds ( lord of the rings , nemo , harry potter ) . a $ 20 cables to go hdmi cable does a great job . we have the sony kdf-42e2000 42 '' 3lcd rear projection hdtv and are thrilled with the combination . a few annoyances : the machine responds and loads slowly , but that 's not too bad ; a minor sacrifice for the incredibly low price . and , certain dvds of old movies ( some like it hot , the king and i ) stretch the picture horizontally , making things look squat . i 'm sure there 's a solution , but just ca n't figure it out . any tips
i bought this item , since i always make a lot of notes from books and other papers , and do n't want to type it in manually anymore . this scanner , probably like any other model , needs a little training to get it right over the paper , but once done , it really works and faster than typing ! i dont use the addressbook or options with your gsm but they are no doubt very handy.i just scan in from papers , and beam it to my laptop . both infrared and the cable work . the cable is especially great for using the scanner 'live'on the screen : the scanned text appears on the pc as you type ! the dictionary also comes in very handy.it must be a very complex product , but just like the ipod or zenxtra mp3 players : they work ! so buy one and save some time ! excellent and recommended for anyone that needs to make notes , or studies , or just wants to stop cutting out pages in newspapers in a train e.g
as your dvd/cd collections grow , these are ideal for protecting and storing your `` treasures '' . easy to open and take up little storage space . the center lock tab is secure but allows you to remove the discs from the case with ease.just a great product
excellent value -- these batteries are just as good as name brands for about half the price . if you use a lot of aa 's , this is the way to go -- made especially nice if you use them as a filler to get your shipping free on your entire order if it is hovering in the $ 18 range
very pleased w/item . compact . easy to move from place to place
i bought this to clean up all of my kids dvds . they have a ton of discs that are dirty , scratched , etc . i have cleaned over 30 discs so far and have fixed all but one ( it was *really* scratched up ) .i am suprised at the negative reviews on this item since i have considered this one of my smartest buys this year
just wanted to echo what others have said , that these batteries seem to really last . i received a new camera and was using generic rechargeable batteries in it , almost as powerful as the 2500s here , and the batteries ran out after a few hours . replaced those batteries with these , and these just seem to last on and on . am very happy with them
you really ca n't go wrong with this one . not great response but what do you expect for less than $ 300 ? on the other hand , the possibilities for this surround system are endless . want something just for the effects to complilment your bedroom wide screen ? how about using it for a dedicated gaming sound system , ( this is how my daughter has it configured ) . it 's our second one . first one died as a result of recent electrical storm , ( yes the circuit was 'protected ' , but so what ) . could n't be happier for the investment
this appears to be a good piece of equipment . i hav'nt had any major outages as of yet but a minor fluctuation was handled very well .
the service from amazon was great , delivery people were most cooperative , made delivery as promised , placed tv in space where we wanted and hooked up and checked it out.they even offered to take away the empty carton . we saved about $ 250 by buying from amazon rather than from local retailer
if you want a budget home theater system for under $ 200 there is probably not many systems better then the sony ht-ddw700 . this system is ideal for small rooms such as a bed room or a tiny living room.considering the price , sound quality is actually better then expected for me . the tiny cube speakers presents pretty good clarity . they may look like cheap computer speakers but they are n't and are a bit heavier then they look . the center channel may be a little underpowered since dialog during dvd movies sound a tad soft and a little too low . the surround effects during movies in dolby digital and dts are very good though.if set up properly the speakers handle surround effects very well.some minor complaints is that the speaker wire attached to the speakers are very thin . they are fixed and ca n't be replaced . also , if you want heart stopping bass then this system might not be for you . the 8 '' subwoofer is okay considering the price of the system . it is currently better then any other sub included in a home theater system under $ 200 . it is n't powered , is very light ( only 9 lbs ) and you have to be pretty close to actually feel the bass . the volume would have to be cranked up extremely high for the sub to actually rattle your walls . the receiver comes with 1 optical and 1 coxial digital input and 4 rca analog inputs . it should be enough in most cases . an extra digtal input or two would n't hurt but again the system is under $ 200 . setup could n't be easier . you just hook up the included microphone , place it at your listening postion and press a button on the remote . the system will automatically sets up the speaker distance , delay and volume levels . the receiver comes with the basic pro logic ii music and move modes to upmix your stereo sources . it also has other sound fields and effects to enhace the sound but they do n't really seem to enhance the sound by that much if at all.basically , if you want a home theater system for a small room and for under $ 200 then there is n't much better then the sony ht-ddw70
i 've owned many sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy walkmen , useful shortwave and portable radios , stylish tvs and high quality cassette recorders . i still have a sony mini component stereo model fh-e656 ( made in japan ) which i bought in 1992 for us $ 400+ ; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out cd player , i decided to purchase this new sony mhcec70 component stereo ( made in china ) .pluses : decent soundgood functionalityeasy set-up and intuitive operationsimple remote -- but only covers basic functionscons : very short speaker leadsunattractive styling ( for my tastes ) -- resembles a boomboxonly holds 3 cds vs 5 for comparable panasonic unitsat first glance , i was disappointed by the cheap construction , skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies . but then i thought : in 2006 for $ 150 , i ca n't expect the same quality as i received in 1992 for $ 400 . everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in china . so , for the money , it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom . the real test will be how long the cd changer works -- to be safe , this time i bought the 2 year replacement warranty . i have n't blasted it at full volume , but it seems to have plenty of power when needed.i originally bought a $ 300 panasonic unit ( sc-pm71sd mp3 sd micro system ) which was returned because it did n't have the full data recording feature as advertised ( data recording was crippled by drm limitations ) . this sony stereo costs half as much , and has almost all the same functionality
the silicone is great quality , fits the nano snugly , and the arm band is nice . wonderful product , does what it 's supposed to do , for a fabulous price . recommended
i bought this 2 years back and still it is in great shape . recently i forgot compact flash in my shirt pocket and went for washing and then followed by drying . my wife found compact flash in dryer and i thought it would not work . surprisingly it is working fine and i could see my past snapshots with out any problem .
it does everything i expected to do . easy manual and set up . great sound . i am keeping it
i am very pleased with this item . it is fits comfortably , holds my cd player snugly and has room for my id , keys , extra batteries & cd 's
after looking around at the local stores ( fry 's and compusa ) i had just about given up on finding a single case that would offer reasonable protection for my ipod in multiple environments - on my belt and also in exercise , and had resigned myself to having a `` skin '' type case for just everyday use and then shifting the ipod to an arm band for exercise . not a particularly great solution - expensive ( around $ 20 for each ) and a lot of shifting back and forth to cover both uses.then i ran into the dlo action jacket at best buy , which seemed to cover all my intended uses . unlike the prior reviewer , i found my 40g ipod fits very snugly - absolutely zero slop , and i really like not having to worry about keeping up with more than one case . also , at $ 29.95 , it 's cheaper than the two-case approach . the only criticism i have of this jacket is that when you want to convert from belt clip to sport use you have to snake the band through two loops on the backside of the case and over the little plastic belt clip receiver that protrudes from the back of the case . the process is a little tedious , but the end result is great . the unit feels very secure on my arm and it 's easy to forget that it 's there.this jacket is a winner
we 've had this printer for almost two years . i do a good amount of printing , both color & b/w . while i do need to do cleanings more often with this printer , mine is not sucking up ink at an unreasonable rate at all . and it is very affordable . photos do n't always print well ... the only photo paper i have found to work well with my s530d was very the glossy trial pack that came with it when i bought it . no other photo paper has done well at all , so i suggest theirs . this is the best printer we have had in 10 years , and belive me i 've thrown my share out the window ! i can offer this advice to owners of any printers . always use the power switch on the printer to turn it on off , never use the power strip switch , or the switch from properties . for some reason doing so supposedly wastes ink ? i do n't get it , but i 've always followed that advice and this printer has been an absolute gem for us . good luck ! jeanni
i , ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you `` must '' plug in . hey guys , try it without an outside energy source , i just hope i , m not gon na fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered usb port . i have a very high end system though with wattage to sprare , but no more pci slots , damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards , why do 2 of em have to take up so much room . oh well , trade offs are a bi -- - , but a reality and 7 extra usb slots are awfully nice
i am extrememly happy with this one . for the price , it delivers well . the voice recorder works well . my key need was to record lectures and listening to them . worked out very well
i 've been a gamer for almost 20 years . this is the best mouse i 've ever owned . it is fast , accurate , well formed and constructed . i would definitely recommend it.the dpi adjustment is a nice touch . i prefer corded mice due to cordless being to heavy , this mouse is just right
i have two seperate units . one hardwired to my car , and the other is the jvc unit . i hooked it directly into the audio ( aux ) ports of my radio , rather than use an fm station . it works great , the sound quality is excellent as well - ( and my radio is so old it play 's 8-tracks ! ! ! ! ) . i did notice that the unit tends to run a bit warm to hot . i agree with the previous reviews , that it is something that jvc needs to look into , perhaps it is simply a matter of a `` heat sink-er '' not being in specs , as yet , i have encountered no problems ( having had the jvc unit for 1.5 years ) no matter . as to the commercial free : sirius ( which i have had a subscription to for the past 4 years ) has commercial free radio , though the news stations and a few others do have commercials . those stations are clearly defined as being in the commercial block . the music stations are 100 % free of commercial . all in all a damn cheap price to pay for avoidance of all those really irritating dj 's , commerical 's , and lack of variety in stations ! ~cheers !
i was about to retire an old standalone dvd recorder , because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs . i bought this lens cleaner and -- voila ! -- the recorder is working again . super easy to use ( it 's simply a dvd that you insert into your machine , and the menus tell you what to do ) . highly recommended
it 's a usb hub . all i ask is that it works . it does .
is it expensive ? , yes it is ! ! ! however , i was conecting my ipod mini to my speakers with two cables , mini jack cable and power cable and it was very unconfortable to do every day . the dock is a great solution for this issue . now , i just insert the ipod mini in the dock . easy , fast and confortable . additionaly , i can read easyly the song i am listening to
quick reader , poor design . it does a great job copying images to my mac , but the flimsy lid is a piece of poo-poo . it stays on tight , which is good , until you try to open it . the force required to open it pulls the lid completely off making the ball-groove hinges useless . it 's only a matter of time until the weak arms containing the hinges snap off , leaving the reader exposed to the elements
i purchased the adorama slinger bag after first purchasing the tamrac velocity 5 . the tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag . unfotunately , it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle . the slinger bag addressed both of these deficiencies . when worn as a waist bag , it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag . there are two water pouches on the slinger bag ( which is a real requirement as i live in arizona ) .the adorama slinger bag is a great travel bag . it is light weight and has great utility . i highly recommend it .
great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your ipo
i 've never had any problems with memorex dvd 's or cd 's . when i was ordering and read some of the reviews here , i had to go back and look at what i was using to make sure . i 've always taken it for granted and only posted this review to counteract some of the negative ones . i do n't know why some users are having problems , but these dvd 's always worked great for me , and i record on average over one a day
i agree that this drive can be a little slow , but it has n't caused a problem for me . i keep copies of many files ( about 1 gb total ) related to a large project at work on mine . when i first copied all the files to the drive it took a couple of minutes , but now i just make changes or updates to the individual files and the write times are short enough that i do n't even notice them ( just a second or two ) . i also seemlessly work on the files on both a pc at work and a mac at home . to me the best feature is the reliability . between my husband and i , we 've had several cruzer minis in various sizes and each one has worked great , even through accidental abuse . one of his 512 mb drives accidently went through the washing machine . we thought the data was gone , but when it dried out , it worked fine . just today i found my 2 gb drive at the bottom of the dryer ; it had been left in a pocket and had gone through both the washing machine and dryer . yep , it still worked ! i 'm buying a new one to replace it ( just in case ) because i do n't know it there might be some long-term effects from the water and heat , but i 'll keep using this one for less important applications . changes are good , though , that it 'll never have a problem . these things are amazingly reliable
i recently ordered this for a week long trip i was planning to olympic national park . wow what a great find . i did n't have to worry about how many pictures my memory card would hold and could just snap away . i think it also increased my shutter speed too . i would definitely recommend this to anyone and have actually
i bought these as a gift for my husband to watch tv late at night without disturbing me . he loves them . the sound is fine and the headphones are comfortable .
the nike+ system has really been a good motivator for me . as a new runner , i need all the motivation and positive reinforcement i can get . the challenges and goals are a good way to keep on track as well.i did n't buy the nike+ shoes - i use mine with the marware sportsuit relay set up . it 's a great system and a lot cheaper than spending $ 100 for a pair of running shoes when i already have a couple good pairs in the closet . both products are highly recommended
i 've had this card for about 1 1/2 years now and it has performed flawlessly . it has seen thousands of photos ( no exaggeration ! ) on my digital camera and now holds data/mp3s for my palm too . did you know you can pop your sd card out of a camera and into a palm to view photos ? i just learned this . anyway it 's a nice product and i 'm about to get another simpletech with 512 megs or higher if they have one . if you are new to sd memory , always get more storage than you need because eventually you 'll buy something that will use one ( camera , handhelds , cell phones , etc . -- note that many cell phones use a smaller `` minisd '' )
this is a perfect mp3 player . i had the 40gb model before this and needed a bit of extra room . you ca n't ask for anything more than this . it does everything an mp3 player should , and more ( podcasts , videos , photos ) . i bought the 60 a couple of weeks before the 80 was released at the same price . bad timing on my behalf..
great price for a 128mb jump drive , works perfectt for my daughters college work , such a good price i bought
this review pertains specifically to the targus pauh217u 4 port ultra mini usb 2.0 hub . the cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc , which sits on the ground , to the top of the desk . it has a cable which is split into two usb plugs - one just to transmit data , the second to power the unit . the second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware , and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways ? if you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing , then it does have an input for a separate power source , which you will have to buy separately . in short , if you have an old school machine with usb ports which are inaccessible /inconvenient to use , this little hub will give you quick access while taking up minimal space on your desk
i bought this card about 10 months ago to go with my nikon d70 and i 've certainly had no regrets . i have n't tried pushing the card to its limits to see how quickly it can write , but it 's been plenty fast enough to keep up with me in single-shot mode . the card is always ready when i am . downloading from the card to computer via my sandisk imagemate is fast too.i like it so much , i 'm buying a second one today
must say that the item was better than i expected . thanks to the seller and will buy again ! ! !
i bought this system recently after my panasonic dvd surround system broke . i was a little leary about this system since other reviewers have mentioned a hissing noise here on amazon and other sites for that matter . but i could n't find anything like this value and decided i could just take it back if i did n't like it . well , i love it ! the sound is great ! subwoofer is awesome ! i do not hear a hissing noise at all . this sounds so much better than my panasonic which broke and that i had paid $ 100 more for
i have been looking for an easier way to protect the front my my lens without having to either take off my lens hood or trying to fumble around with the lens cap with the hood still on . op/tech came up with the solution ! all you have to do is stretch the proper size hood hat over the hood and everything is protected and ready to go . super easy to take off , putting on takes a little more time , but you never miss a picture putting it on anyway . basically this is an inexpensive way to add some extra insurance against getting dirt , water , etc on your front element while you are walking around looking for shots . it is also very flexible and easy to stick in a pouch or pocket when not being used
i had owned an lg burner and from the time i got it , it never worked right . i must have made 60 or 70 coasters before i decided that it was'nt the media , it was the crappy lg brand burner . i was really afraid because there are so many burners on the market and all of them claim to be good , but as i found out with my lg experience , that is not always true . my brother has an older model sony burner and although his is slow , it has made a handful of coasters in the 5 years that he has owned it , so i took a chance and purchased the sony dru-810a . that was the best decision i could have made . i will never buy another brand burner other that sony brand . i have had this burner about 7 or 8 months . i am a very heavy burner and i have not made one coaster . one thing i loved about my brother 's sony burner is that i could use any brand of media . the same thing is true of the dru-810a . i do n't have to worry about where the media was manufactured or who the maker is . this burner loves everything . i had looked at the plextor brand , but i did'nt want to pay $ 100.00 and i looked at nec brand , liteon , benq . etc. , but i am so happy that i passed on them all and got the sony . it burns super fast . some people say that it is loud , but it 's not loud to me . i got my burner from tiger direct for $ 50.00 . my sister 's computer came with a crappy lg brand burner too and for almost 2 years she has not been able to burn at all because she gets nothing but coasters too , so for christmas i am buying her a sony dur-810a so she can finally burn some movies . for my money , this is the best burner bar none .
i bought it for my canon s3 is . first i tried it without formatting and fill it up with photos and video and no problems . then i did the suggested format by canon and it worked the same : perfect . fast enough to cope with the demands of the camera ; have n't any problem of corruption . i 've been tempted to buy another one .
i read the other reviews on this bookholder and was n't so sure about it . however , after buying and trying it out , i have no regrets . do n't know why i waited soo long to get one ( dont be like me and wait until you start to feel some neck strain from hours of studying hunched over before buying one ) . although made of plastic , it is very study and has nice rubber feet to keep it from sliding . the clips on the bottom work very well to keep pages open and you can change how firm or loose you want it to hold . unlike other models , this one folds completely flat so you can carry it in your backpack between books . i have used it mostly for softcover textbooks and have no problem
look , for a bargain-basement product , what do you expect ? first , you expect it to work , and i can confirm it definitely does work.when plugged in to usb , it signals xp correctly . the driver software is very tolerant . you can install it at any time and there is never a resource conflict or problems with the system recognizing the device . so installation is a 5 minute process.next comes the capture and initial encoding . well , the software is a bit lame as far as features and gui . typical . but it absolutely saves in mpeg2 / dvd format just as you 'd need it to for making dvds of all your dish network or ps2 or vhs content . the frame rate is full on 30 fps . it takes an svideo or standard rca video signal . both are just fine in quality . the resolutions are not that great ... but its passable for dvd when you crank it up . do n't think you can encode some blu-ray quality mpeg with this though.as far as the overall durability of the product , i 've literally left mine plugged into the wall and running for about 1 year straight . it gets hot , but its never so much as flickered or needed reset . bottom line ? this thing is like a kids toy- its cheesy but tough as nails . get it for your first analog signal mpeg encoder . its a good value .
the cheapest option i found at the time but an excelent pen drive . small and with a good style
i purchased the 2gb elite pro sd card but found out that my older simpletech flashlink card reader is not able to recognize the card under winxp sp2 with and without the most recent simpletech drivers . i do n't have another card reader for my computer , but the pictures recorded on it by my digital camera can be viewed on my pda so i assume that it 's the card reader . shortly afterwards , i also discovered that kingston makes a combo kit that includes their usb 2.0 sd/mmc reader for a bit less in price than the card alone.i also noticed the atp line of 60x and 150x sd cards . i have no experience with their products , but their sd cards are potted versus placed in a plastic shell . they tout their cards as being more rugged and waterproof . i 'm very careful and have not had any flash cards fail on me , but with the rising capacities and smaller form factors , i will consider the atp cards in the future .
i thought when i up graded to the plasma things could n't get any better i was wrong the wireless is the cherry on top i love this thin
this is a good compact flash card . this is faster than most cameras can handle so there was no real reason to go with faster cards that are much more expensive .
great item , powered off laptop its fans work quietly to keep laptop cool . so you can actually us your lap , without fear of overheating your computer . an inexpensive solution to preventing costly repairs . wish i 'd purchased earlier as i already fried my cd/dvd drive and had to replace them . good product targus
i purchased the 2gb elite pro sd card but found out that my older simpletech flashlink card reader is not able to recognize the card under winxp sp2 with and without the most recent simpletech drivers . i do n't have another card reader for my computer , but the pictures recorded on it by my digital camera can be viewed on my pda so i assume that it 's the card reader . shortly afterwards , i also discovered that kingston makes a combo kit that includes their usb 2.0 sd/mmc reader for a bit less in price than the card alone.i also noticed the atp line of 60x and 150x sd cards . i have no experience with their products , but their sd cards are potted versus placed in a plastic shell . they tout their cards as being more rugged and waterproof . i 'm very careful and have not had any flash cards fail on me , but with the rising capacities and smaller form factors , i will consider the atp cards in the future .
works like a charm , the wi-fi sniffer in the software is definitely a big plus ! you can get details of the connection i.e . connection strength , ap name and etc . worth every penny
i purchased this product 2 years back and it is still working without any problem . i use the batteries mostly for my digital camera and have no complaints so far . highly recommend this product
the initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures . when i went surfing for another flash card with some depth , amazon really came through for me and the price was excellent .
my dvd player was ready to be thrown out , until i saw this product on amazon . my dvd player would n't even load a dvd . it kept saying `` please check disc '' . after loading this disc , my dvd player has worked perfectly ever since . do n't spent $ 30 on one of these `` clean up discs '' . this one does the job
this memory card reader worked like a charm for me . we 've used both sd and sony memory sticks in it with absolutely no problems
this card has all of the memory space required for my personal use . i would recommemd it to others
overall this is a very good remote . it replaced 5 of my remotes , which is all except my bose , which is rf controlled . it even replaced my windows media center edition remote and works with my ps2 with no problems.my negatives for this device are that the layout is a little less comfortable and intuitive than some of my other remotes and the default functions are n't necessarily the most used functions therefore requiring additional time to set-up . these negative however are more than acceptable when you remember that it works with so many devices . i am definitely happy with this remote and would undoubtably purchase again
easiest remote to program . has tremendous ability to tweek . will keep recommending to all my customers
after doing a fair amount of internet research about mp3 players and their features i was under the impression that i would go with an ipod . having been in the computer industry for almost 15 years i have never been fond of the mac and have always been a little biased towards pc 's . this added to my reticence to own a mac product and the growing complaints about service on the ipod being a 'bit ' over priced i forged on.i started reading through all of the reviews i could find on the internet and as always , found a wealth of them here on amazon . to my dismay all the reviews i could find on product names i knew absolutely trashed the products they were reviewing which scared me immensely . thats is , until i got to the iaudio line . the reviews were almost all positive and the complaints that were present were things i could easily overlook . i love the control , i am big guy with big hands and i have rarely , if ever , pushed the control and not had the result i was intending.i have had my iaudio x5 for over a month and i have nothing bad to say in the least . i am an avid linux user and it works flawlessly with linux , the sound quality is phenomenal , except the ear buds that came with mine have a lot of static in them so get rid of those . the fm tuner is great ( you wont get that on an ipod ) . i travel a lot and i pipe my x5 through my car stereo using a cassette tape converter plugged into the stereo out port.what else can i say , this is a great product with great features and it looks good too ! i also bought a case from zcover which fits the purpose but i think that as time goes on some better more versatile cases will come to market.a satisfied custome
i bought this keyboard originally for the lcd screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games i play . i was suprised to learn that this is more than a pretty keyboard with an lcd hanging off of it . it 's the best-feeling keyboard i 've ever owned . the keys take just the right amount of pressure to operate , and the switch to disable the windows key is a welcome feature . the backlighting is bright , day or night , and the programmable g-keys make executing complicated key combinations in games or business applications a thing of the past . highly recommended
this is a great piece of hardware , the wireless rear speakers was a big selling point for me . but in my apartment i would like to have more control over the subwoofer speaker , it 's volume slider is hidden in a settings menu there is no separate knob for it on the speaker itself . the bass sound from subwooferis overbearing at default . the other thing is that i would like to be able to have better control over the sound itself with an equalizer . that 's not going to happen with this system , you ca n't change that easily . and yes the 5 disk changer is slow . the maximum volume setting does n't seem that loud to me , but then i have the decibal settings at default . all the sound quality you expect from a theater system is here , it has all the flavors . hooking it up to an xbox directly didnt work the way i 'd like it too , but i only tried rca and not the digital . i have a sony 32 '' wega and i had the xbox patch to it and then routed to the dav-fx100 reciever . that works like a charm , even with 5.1 sound from xbox . one huge complaint i have is the shielding for the mid and left and right front speakers are not the best . i see a bit of haze from the magnetic fields from both the front 3 speakers , even had to elevate my center channel for fear that would permanently damage the tube on my tv . there is mention of this problem in the manual but that should be on the front page not the middle of the manual ! beware ! four stars
i used lexar media multi card reader in my p2120 fujitsu laptop via a usb 2 pc-card adapter . it 's truly plug-and-play without any need of drivers in windows xp
i like to purchase service or replacement contracts on all my electronics needs , just set back and relax ... .your covered .
if you are looking for an inexpensive ipod , then i would recommend this .
you will appreciate this product only if you do n't have enough usb ports . in my case , i had plenty of ports , but needed an extension cable , which would help me in plugging the flash drives , whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires ( i keep my cpu , under the table ) .the only complaint i have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.overall good value for price
first , i would buy it again if i needed to . this 15 '' takes up less space on the kitchen counter , i.e. , speakers are on the bottom . second , picture and sound are excellent , i.e , clear.i would not buy this item if i wanted a true vesa mount to monitor configuration . the stand , not the monitor , has the screw holes for the vesa wall mount . not enough or clear info in the description . however , it is just as easy to turn on the counter as on the wall . if you need counter space then buy something else .
i bought the intuos 6x11 pen tablet couple weeks ago and i use italmost every day so far so good , i do n't expect to have any problems with it.i used to have a small wacom graphire and i used for years then unfortunately the pen broke so now i own a new one the only advice i can give to you is to keep it clean , wipe it out every now and then with a wet cloth jo
i love my 2 gb sd memory card . i use it all the time and have had no problems with it
alot better then wrapping the neck strap around your arm or hand ... it really depends on what kind of photography you do . i shoot at night clubs and weight can add up . i have a canon rebel xt , hand grip with 2 batties , canon 550ex flash , and 50mm f/1.4 or 17-40mm f/2.8it feels alot better using the hand strap ...
i have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months , i have only had 1 burn badly . have n't found a dvd player yet that they wo n't play in
i recently purchased this item and i am very happy with its performance and quality . i use it daily in the gym it delivers excellent sound and you dont even realize you have it on due to its light weight
these boxes are half the size of regular cases , just right -- not too bulky like the regular ones
i recently purchased this item for my wife who has a small office . the reception on this unit is great . bieng in a steel building she is able to get all the local radio stations . the sound quality on it is perfect for a small room considering the price range it is in . if you are looking for a booming sound this is not for you but it will provide a solid quality sound .
this is an awesome tablet ! it has great pressure sensitivity and the pen allows for fantastic freehand drawing in programs like illustrator , photoshop and painter . the pen is a more natural feeling tool to use in these applications than a mouse . the size of the tablet allows you to get into greater detail without having to zoom in all the time .
this device is great for carriying around with your camera , you can review and share the pictures with any pc with usb available , data can also be recorded and easily recovered .
i bought a 1gb with my new camera because i was giving my other camera and it 's 256 memory card to my sister . the smaller card would fill quickly and i 'd have to develope the pictures or deleat them . i paid about $ 9.00 more for my card in sept. , and thought that was a deal . now , you can get this card for $ 20.00 . that 's a steal for a 1 gb . also , i like the little case provided to keep the card safe when i take it to the store to develope the pictures . love it
these batteries have been awesome . my digital camera uses 4 of them at a time and they last for 100 's of photographs . flash recharge is very quick . highly recommended
i 've been using these earbuds for several months now , and they 're far better than the ones that come with the ipod . they 're more comfortable , and there 's so much more bass , although as everyone else pointed out you have to push them way into your ears to get the bass.my pair has gone through the washing machine twice and the dryer once , and they still sound just as good as the day i got them ! ( i did have to glue one of the earpieces back together , though . ) i thought i 'd certainly destroy them by getting them wet , but these things are industrial strength
i am a mild audophile , and i love these headphones . they have great base response , treble , and isolation . if you listen to music on the bus on train while listening for your stop , do n't get get these ! you wo n't be able to hear a thing outside of the music
you may as well pitch the instructions because they 're worthless ( and the only reason i 'm not giving a 5-star rating for the ads tech video xpress ) . i was about ready to pitch the product as well , after losing two evenings trying to figure out how to get it to work . ultimately , i gave up on relying solely on the program it came with , and i instead opted to try it on my windows movie maker . yahoo ! perseverance paid off ! once i switched to movie maker , this tool worked great ! to date , i 've converted about a dozen videos of content to computer files that i was able to burn to dvds . i just leave my xpress hooked up to the back of my television so i do n't have to try to remember later how to hook it up again . doing that , i can connect my laptop to the xpress and start the video converting process within 3-4 minutes . my movie maker program takes over the entire process . the ads tech video xpress has been especially useful for me because i teach a college telecourse and often show edited video clips to my students . before purchasing xpress , i had crudely edited videos that i was reluctant to use ; my videos had lots of amateur stop/start points . using movie maker with xpress , i was able to download these videos to my laptop , then easily edit them so transitions between stop and start points became smooth and seamless . pretty cool . i 'm glad i took a chance on this product ! below are hook-up and program instructions i 've written to myself for easy reference later . hopefully they 'll be of more help to you than the instructions that come with this product : first , hook up the video xpress equipment as follows:1 . s-cable ( buy one , since it does n't come with the videoxpress ) goes from the back of your television to the videoxpress . 2 . use red/white/yellow cords running into the back of the vcr/dvd that is hooked up to your televion as follows : - all three plug into the `` video out '' column- all three plug into the videoxpress tool at the other end . 3 . the usb plug for the videoxpress tool plugs into the back of the computer.next , open the instant video xpress program and verify the settings are as follows : - `` ntsc m '' for the video standard setting- `` 640 x 480 '' and `` 60 fps ( vga ) '' for video format- `` dvd , vcr , tv '' for video source- `` video composite '' for video inputunder the program advanced settings : - low motion ( tv , vcd , dvd ) - cpu support : `` sse3 '' - stereo system : `` mts '' - video decoder : `` video standard : ntsc_m '' under properties within the program advanced settings : - stream format : video format : `` ntsc_m '' - frame rate : `` 59.940 '' - color space/compression : `` yuy2 '' - outputs size : `` 640x480 '' finally , close the instant video xpress program . ( windows movie maker ca n't access the video until this program is closed . and yes , it 's silly to have to open it , make those setting changes , then close it , but video xpress wo n't work correctly unless you follow those setting steps . ) in case you need this information for windows movie maker , the steps ( in order ) are as follows : under `` file , '' click on `` capture video . `` use the following settings : - audio device set at : `` usb2.0 analog audio device '' - video input source set at : `` composite '' under configure video capture device : - video format : video standard : `` ntsc_m '' frame rate : `` 29.970 '' color space/compression : `` yuy2 '' output size : `` 640x480 '' under camera settings : - deinterlace method : `` low motion ( tv , vcd , dvd ) '' - cpu support : `` sse3 '' - stereosystem : `` mts '' under video decoder : video standard : `` mtsc_m '' signal detected : `` 1 '' lines detected : `` 525 '' then ... give the file a name and indicate where to save itset it for `` best quality '' for playback.then `` start capture . `` if the video xpress is hooked up and running correctly , you should see on your computer monitor the video image of whatever is showing on television , but you will not hear the sound . when you finish capturing and play it back , then you 'll hear the sound.i know , i know -- clear as mud . but hey , it 's better than the xpress instructions ! : -
its really works fine for my items as well as my son 's toys . we both are happy with this
i have been using memorex dvd-r blank media for more than a year and have gotten fine recordings with my new dvd player/recorder . not all of my recordings were successful , no product i know is 100 % perfect , but the majority have been successful with memorex dvd blank media.this 50-pack spindle was purchased from amazon because i know i can rely on them to give you the best in quality and value plus free shipping . moreover , i have never really been disappointed with anything purchased from amazon . after trying many dvd-r blank media , i found memorex dvd-r spindles to be affordable and reliable for a better than average performance .
not quite as powerful as i was hoping for , but the sound is alright and in a small room it 'll do fine.careful , there is no plug-in at the back , so you can only connect mp3 or auxiliary stuff through the little front jack.otherwise it 's easy to use and pretty cool-looking ... ideal for quiet listening , lame if you host a big party and need loud stuff
the pro and cons described by other reviews are valid . i was specifically looking for a boombox that has cassette , mp3 , cd and radio capability . so did n't have much of an option but to get this one . i am impressed with the sound quality but agree that there could have been improvements related to interface and some of the functionality . overall i think its a good buy .
i love this arm band . i have had it for about 6 months now . you dont have to take your ipod out of the arm band to charge it or to hook it up to your computer . i also only use my ipod for the gym , so its nice that this arm band provides great protection ( better than ipod 's armbands because it fits snugly and wont scratch it when you put it on ) as well as not coming off while working out .
i bought the 128mb card 8-9 mnths ago . at first didnt notice it but the usable memory kept getting smaller ! finally it gave a 'error reading card ' message and stopped working . customer service at viking was very very helpful and prompt . they replaced the card is 7 days . they also tried to retrieve some of the images that i had considered 'lost ' in the card and sent me a cd with the images on it ! i was impressed with the excellent support , but not too impressed that the card died so early in its life . would i buy it again ? yes but likely go for keeping a backup card on hand at all times as well
i 'm very happy with this desktop system . great sound , great reception , great price
i am very pleased with this item . it is fits comfortably , holds my cd player snugly and has room for my id , keys , extra batteries & cd 's
( note to brian : the wap54g *can* be configured as a bridge . i have two of them in just such a configuration . took me about 10 minutes to set them up . ) major modes of operation are:1 . wireless access point ( its default set-up ) 2 . wireless client ( connect a wired ethernet device via cable to the wap54g and you now have a wireless ethernet device ) 3 . wireless repeater ( extend range of wireless coverage ) 4 . wireless bridge ( connect two ethernet networks without running a cable between them -- acts as one end of a `` virtual '' cable ; you need two to get the job done ) a pair of wireless bridges is just what i needed but hesitated to buy the wap54g because of brian 's comment that this would n't work . because of my newness to the wireless world it took a bit of investigation to come to the conclusion that brian was wrong . i bought a pair and they do work.i rate it 4 instead of 5 stars for a few reasons.1 . i understand that higher-end , more expensive , equipment can be had with more range than this box . got ta leave some room to rate more powerful equipment ! 2 . one must dig very deeply into the users guide ( a pdf on the cd ) to find the default ip address in order to configure this device . luckily i had read elsewhere what that ip address is ( 192.168.1.245 ) . other manufacturers make this info readily available , even going so far as printing it on the device itself . this will be critical info to any linux user . also , the users guide says that the default userid for logging in is `` admin '' . well , it 's not . the only allowed userid is an empty field . this had me going for a few minutes.3 . something that 99 % of the world wo n't care about -- i like to have more access to the firmware . for example other linksys products allow one to telnet to the box and do low-level analysis of the box and the network it 's attached to . i think there are third-party firmware loads that enable this
this card is the 2 gb ultimate 120x it has a tested write speed 120 times 150kb/sec which exceeds 18 mb per second . frequently card manufacturers advertise their read speed , which is always much faster . analyze your file size for pictures you take and the speed in mb/sec will tell you how many of those pictures you can store in one second.that impacts time between pictures . for cameras , write speed is the most important , but the speed rating of the card does n't necessarily tell you its write speed . for music players and other devices , read speed may be more important . so you might choose a different card depending on whether you intend to use it to play music or take pictures . i 'm currently shopping for sd cards for a camera with the capability to shoot 3 pictures per second with large file sizes . in order not to slow the camera down , i need a fast card . i have done some research and realized that the reviews here are n't necessarily even related to this particular card , but are for all different sizes and speeds of kingston cards . kingston has been in the memory business for a long time and they are conservative in their ratings . this card is # 1 on my list right now because of its tested write speed
i bought this memory card for my camera sd500 . at first , i was very dispointed when i only see 1gb on my laptop . after googled around , i realized i need to update my laptop sd reader driver to recognized sd card that is over 1gb . i 'm able to see full 2gb after driver update . just make sure you update your device/laptop firmware/driver first
same as everybody else , i ordered mine a couple of days back and it has n't shipped ... i want it ! ! ! ! !
cool ! i can expand my-single-usb-port-laptop more flexible.from single peripheral to be quadruplet . i can plug flashdisk , mouse , external and digital camera in same time . worth money for usefull gadget
i first saw these speakers at the apple store , and i really liked the sound and the look . i went on amazon and found a better price and i couldnt be happier with them . as long as you have a decent soundcard , these speakers really are great . i have had no problem with them at all , they look really cool , they 're loud , they 're small , the woofer gives you a lot of bass ( which you can turn down ) , and the sound from the speakers is clear . buy these
what else do you need to know ? you plug in your pcs and a cable to your router - and go . i used a netgear hub for years . replaced it with this linksys switch and my network speed improved immediately
it 's speedy and space saving and inexpensive . i bought this to replace my belkin because the belkin needed to be plugged in . this one is powered by your computer so there 's no extra power cords , which is a big plus to me . the only thing i dislike about this is the fact that the hub takes up two usb ports instead of just one like the belkin .
you will appreciate this product only if you do n't have enough usb ports . in my case , i had plenty of ports , but needed an extension cable , which would help me in plugging the flash drives , whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires ( i keep my cpu , under the table ) .the only complaint i have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.overall good value for price
the mouse is perfect for games . i use it to play et and is great . the software provided by logitech is configurable in all ways
i wanted a non-ipod digital music player , and found this to be a terrific option . it plays a number of different formats , and includes a lanyard , which is nice when commuting on the train , or for plane travel . i have only used alkaline batteries so far , and have had excellent battery life . the menu takes an hour or 2 of playing with to learn , but once you get familiar with the buttons and menu , it 's pretty easy . i have also enjoyed the built in fm tuner , and have not any trouble with reception , even on a moving commuter train . the sound quality is very good . i 've been using 128 bitrate mp3 songs so far . the software for transferring music is pretty easy to use , although i did have a little trouble getting the player to be recognized as connected , which seemed to be some kind of order of connections issue . the included earbuds are n't the most comfortable , especially since i already lost the foam padding , but i will probably get a better pair anyway . they do sound good though . also , the included cases are pretty cheesy and i did n't even bother with them.a little hint : one thing i did not like was that because of the location of the on button , the unit can fairly easily be turned on when you have it stored in a bag or pocket . to combat this , simply turn the hold on . the unit wo n't turn on accidentally when it 's on
i 've had this device for two years . just today i sent it through the wash cycle of my laundry ( not on purpose ) . the thing still works ! ! i will not , however , try sending it into the dryer though beause i 'm pretty sure that would fry this thing
i , ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you `` must '' plug in . hey guys , try it without an outside energy source , i just hope i , m not gon na fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered usb port . i have a very high end system though with wattage to sprare , but no more pci slots , damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards , why do 2 of em have to take up so much room . oh well , trade offs are a bi -- - , but a reality and 7 extra usb slots are awfully nice
i was about to retire an old standalone dvd recorder , because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs . i bought this lens cleaner and -- voila ! -- the recorder is working again . super easy to use ( it 's simply a dvd that you insert into your machine , and the menus tell you what to do ) . highly recommended
just a note to those who 've been having trouble opening these cases , without breaking them . if you use an emory board to slightly sand the top knob which is holding the case together , you 'll be able to open and close it ok. do n't sand too much , and just do the top knob , or it wo n't hold together . i like the fact that these cases are clear and fairly inexpensive , so i wanted to make them work . hope it works for you
the cf card works fine but it 's response is kind of slow compaired to the 32mb cf card came with my canon powershot a95 . i got this card 3 weeks ago and so far their has n't been any problems .
i do all my burning on a standard windows media player , and it 's almost entirely data and music , no video . for my purposes , these cd 's sound great . in some cases , it actually seems like the discs have enhanced the sound spectrum somewhat . that may be a trick my ears are playing on me but , nevertheless , i 'm a big fan of the memorex . and they 're a steal if you catch the sale price . recommended
when i buy flash memory , i consider price , speed , manufacturer and vendor . i got this particular memory stick for a sonyericsson w810i phone . i paid extra to get it from amazon ( no they do n't always have the best price ) . this way i am confident that i can return it if i got the wrong one or have a problem with it.the card works fine in my phone , and since i have a usb cable that hooks up to the phone , i do n't have to be concerned about removing the card to use a card reader . i have not yet experienced any problems with sandisk memory products.i am told that the sandisk sticks are faster than sony 's , but i have no way to confirm this , nor do i know if my phone ( mp3 player , camera ) is able to take advantage of faster speeds . the longest process is transferring music to the phone , and i was n't in a hurry anyway.this stick comes with an adapter to use with the older memory stick format , so i can use the 128mb stick that i replaced in my sony camcorder ( which had a 4mb stick in it . no , it 's not a typo . it 's actually a 4 megabyte memory stick )
these earphones are incredible ! they are comprised of excellent bass and treble . you experience everything much nicely . these earphones compared to the ipod headphones are excellent unlike those raggety things . i bought these from ebay for $ 8 and for that amount of price , you ca n't regret buying these sensational earphones
just my two cents , i bought these from the sony store for $ 15 bucks two years ago , they 've lasted me this long for light office use , so at $ 7/year , this seems to be a good budget earphones . i 'm not an audiophile , so i do n't need expensive earphones . however they did eventually die on me where the cable connects to the jack , the wires got loose and the sound just stopped . moral of the story : do n't twist or touch the wires/cable.pros : lightweight , budget-oriented , comfortable fit for my earscons : eventually broke , cheap earphone covers will get lost easil
muy pero muy bueno , es mejor todavia que el primer dvd que salio de esta gira
just some specs missing from amazon 's description : usb 2.0 compactflash readersmall and travels with easeled status indicator indicates when files are being transferred data transfer speeds up to 480mb/s backward compatible with usb 1.1 ships with removable usb 2.0 cable features designed for large data transfers , like images , music and video data transfer 5 to 6 times faster than using usb 1.1 portable - weighs only 1.5 ounces protective cover case keeps reader pins away from external hazards compatible with windows 2000/me/xp and mac os x and 9.1 no drivers required with most current operating systems2-year limited warranty
if you snap shots in burst mode , or if you want to take pictures at sporting events , fast cards like those are the way to go.almost no lag , large capacity , lifetime warranty , no complaints
i purchased several of these cards ... . they work great and as advertised . the d200 has a memory buffer ... but these are still fast cards ! i have used them in the d70 as well .
sandisk , leader in this kind of technology products sure do not come short with this one . it works excellent on my phone samsung t609.i would have bought a 1gb but the phone manufacturer do not recomend it , so bear that in mind . for pictures the resolution at close range and bright light is just excellent . for music as an mp3 , lots of memory and room to fill as well as for video . data and in general is terrific ... just like i said sandisk leads the competition and also seems to be the the standard card for just about any product that requires this kind of card . i will most definitely and undoubtely will not accept substitutions . only sandisk is extremely reliable . personal experiences with these products proof it repeatledly .
i use the memory card in my samsung d807 phone . works perfecty
for the price , i doubt you could do better . true , there are higer-end devices out there that will improve your picture to the pinnacle of performance , but if all you 're after is a significant improvement in the quality of every channel and dvd you watch , you ca n't beat the ads for it 's price . the biggest flaw is the device 's inability to deal with program material that has excessive light or white backgrounds , where the device either creates artifacts or attempts to correct resolution causing my philips plasma set to black-out for moments . this aside , i 'm very happy with the ads , especially it 's under $ 300 price . one day maybe i 'll upgrade to a unit by dvdo , but not until they come don to the sub- $ 500 range
the one in our bedroom would n't always work , could n't hear the kids calling . i was unplugging my laptop charger at the same time someone was calling and discovered the charger was filtering the voice . both my dell charger and thinkpad charger had the same effect , even without the laptop plugged into the charger . if your having problems , i would start with unplugging other things first.overall , these have been a godsend , wife no longer has to scream at the kids across the entire house . used to drive me crazy
this is a nice product , i buught it beacause i needed to play dvds from foreign country and my fancy `` sony '' dvd vcr player ca n't read them but this little thing can , it reads all the standards i 'm glad i 've got it .
i was burned by another company with i bought their product and they did n't offer a replacement plan . the item died and no one can repair it
great price for a 128mb jump drive , works perfectt for my daughters college work , such a good price i bought
i used to buy energizers and duracells at $ 3-4 a pop for four batteries . now i buy generic alkalines at costco . cost : $ 8 for 10 four packs . it 's like having a battery store in the kitchen drawer . according to a recent coprehensive story in consumer reports , there is only a little difference between name brand and generic alkaline batteries
you will appreciate this product only if you do n't have enough usb ports . in my case , i had plenty of ports , but needed an extension cable , which would help me in plugging the flash drives , whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires ( i keep my cpu , under the table ) .the only complaint i have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.overall good value for price
i bought this model in order to be rid of my almost-new sony mhcec70 with its faulty ergonomics and detestable tuner . having once owned an earlier pm-series model , this new panasonic was the obvious choice and it does not disappoint . like its predecessor , the pm53 is a nice , powerful compact stereo with ( for the money ) ridiculously nice audio quality and a good tuner , especially on the fm band . it can easily be turned up load enough to cause hearing damage and annoy neighbors in adjacent houses . the remote covers every function and is easy enough to figure out without consulting the manual . right now , this is the budget stereo of choice for the discerning . sony 's competing models are cheesy-looking ( hog attention on store shelves , ) bigger ( i.e. , take more materials/cost more to ship , ) and consequently suffer certain cost-cutting measures like the aforementioned crappy tuner and simplified ( and of course , proprietary ) antenna connector . it 's like choosing between the pontiac and the toyota . the sony is for the unwashed rubes who want 300 watts of mylar-coated bling . the panasonic is for people who want something that makes pleasant sounds and looks like the rest of the furniture .
bag is attractive and very sturdy . the computer fits securely and is well padded . i recently used it on a trip and was able to place other carry on items in it and it traveled well
drive got to me timly , installed per instructions , and works wel
picture sound all great . the only problem is that you must have an advanced degree in english , engineering , and computer science to set the television up . without my cable company making a house call setup is impossibl
this mount is nicely designed and well-made ; it fit the tv perfectly . our only criticism is that the screws provided for attaching it to the wall were of poor quality . the heads stripped out right away and it took a trip to the hardware store to get replacements
i read some of the reviews about installation issues and they concerned me initially . but , when it came time to get the printer up and running on my wireless network , there really were n't any issues . just following the directions ( and avoiding the easysecure option ) worked fine . i would highly recommend this printer-the quality of the printing is excellent , the feature/function set is quite high for a moderate price , and it 's a great home/office printer that has lots to offer .
maybe beginning ones were a bad batch ? had mine months now and it works great . everything it says , it does . no problems keeping it in the system and did not cause any errors .
the cs70 is an excellent product , easy to setup and use and good battery life
great memory card for the price . i would highly recommen
this xd memory card works perfectly with my camera fujifilm finepix f650 . good buy for the price
i bought this because i did not want to mount my garmin 350 nuvi to the windshield . this device makes is much easier to switch the unit to different cars . i drove normally and the unit did not slide around on my dashboard . i can also mount the unit on a center console and it works there too . please note that this is a complete unit for portable mounting and it is much cheaper than buying the sandbag & mounting arm separately
i have had my handspring visor deluxe for 5 ... yes , five years ( actually longer ) . while i take decent care of it , it has taken care of me . my doctor has one too ... exactly like mine and we often talk about how perhaps they should be replaced , but the darn thing is still working great and does everything we need it to . i finally ordered a new pda with all the capabilities of my laptop and am passing this one on to someone else who needs it . ( i 'm not selling it ... good karma ) down to business - the handspring visor deluxe is not the creme de la creme anymore . but in its day it was . great product and if you do n't need the bells and whistles ( or color display ) ... go for this . totally flawless . people often complain about the styli of other pdas . no complaints here . not only is it relatively comfortable , it is stainless tipped with plastic on both ends ( does n't break ) and it stays securely in place when you store it in the device . i literally lost my original stylus just a few days ago . the display is not as easy to read as the new super crisp glossy screens that are out now , but if you need a basic device with a few bells and whistles that are thrown in for fun ( heck , a good deal of the new ones do n't have ir ) ... go for it . and for the price i just saw it listed for on amazon ( $ 85 ) it 's a total steal . great product
the item works perfectly if you do not place it near other mechanical devices , i.e . tv , air purifier , elec . clock , etc . fortunately it has n't alerted us yet so that will remain to be experienced . you have to turn it anumber of directions until you get the best reception , then leave it in that position
this is the best value you can get . awesome picture with 10,000:1 contrast ratio . my xbox 360 looks amazing with 1080i resolution . definitely worth the money . you would not be disappointed with this tv .
i got this on sale for $ 80 and i love it . it holds about 300 songs , gets plenty loud , has amazingly good battery life , and takes all my abuse . i play it at least 2 hours a night , if not all night , its my alarm in the morning , i listen to it in the car , on the bus , before school , during lunch , ok how bout his i use it a ton . i never leave home without it its small , easy and comfortable to hold , and it wont die if you drop it . wiht my previous player i had an issue with it erasing all the songs and i know other people who have had that issue with other players but this one has n't let me down yet . o & one big plus the battery back is attached so it will never dissapear
i bought this to record interviews done primarily on the phone and it 's worked beautifully . clear and easy to use . once downloaded onto my computer i used the olympus transcription package to transcribe the interviews . this allowed me to listen on headphones , control the progression ( and backtracking ) of the interview with a foot pedal and keep both hands on the keyboard to type quickly . this voice recorder plus the transcription package dramatically cut the amount of time i had to take trascribing the interviews . well worth the price . i 'd recommend this combo highly , especially to other journalists .
i 've been very pleased with this external drive-500gb . my only comments would be that at first the drive was a little 'hit or miss ' with mounting on the desktop but a restart would always fix it . now it seems to always mount . its all automatic so no need to ever touch the drive . the other thing would be that it could use one more firewire 400 port ( there is only one ) . i do n't use 800 yet so i need to daisy it off of my smartdisk firelite that happens to have 2 . all in all-get this drive
solid product . headphone/speaker jack on my laptop died and manufacturer wanted $ 40 just to cover shipping fees to have it fixed ! i bought this great little unit instead for under $ 30 . good audio . actually , it saved my laptop once too , laptop fell from 2-3 feet but landed right on the rubberized turtle beach micro , which took most of the force . it was bent 90 degrees at the usb connector but it still worked ! proof of solid construction..
this is our first lcd tv . our tube tv finally died . my wife actually picked out this unit and consumer reports also recommended this unit . we purchased it directly from amazon on january 23 , 2007 . i wanted to wait a couple of months before i write my review to see if anything happens . but to my surprise the tv is still running and there have been no problems . we have digital hd and the pictures are great . it took me a couple of weeks to get use to watching tv with such sharp color and contrast . however , if you are watching normal digital programming you may not be too happy as it is flat . but overall its a good buy for us
i researched tvs for a long time before i ended up buying this set . it helped that costco offered a coupon for $ 300 off the price ( $ 1000 final price ) . i thought i may not like the tv , so i decided to buy in person as opposed to online to help with a potential return . however , there is no way i am returning this tv ; it 's awesome . the picture is great , and that is just with sd . the strech feature makes the regular 4:3 picture fit the screen and not look distored . i was worried about buying the 37 '' tv and then having to watch with the black bars on the sides to avoid distortion . but there is no need with this tv since sharp has figured out how to strech the picture without distortion . dvds look incredible on this tv as well . what is even better is the built-in hd tuner . i was debating upgrading my cable to the hd package , but i decide to spend $ 13 on `` rabbit ears '' from target . oh my , once i plugged in the indoor antenna and let the tv track for digital stations i was amazed . the analog station popped up like a fierce snowstorm in winter , but when i went up to the hd digital companion station , i could n't believe my eyes . an incredible hd picture with the rabbit ears set on my desk ... indoors no less ! why would i upgrade my cable tv to the hd package when they ca n't offer the local stations in hd ? especially when they are free with a simple antenna ! i was told this was possible , but quite frankly i was skeptical . not anymore , i am so glad i got the sharp that has the built-in tuner . i seriously considered just buying the hd ready tv monitor and upgrade through my cable provider . boy am i glad that i did n't do that . if you are in the market for a very nice tv that is easy to use and provides a great picture , i would highly recommend this set .
this is a great product . it was easy to mount and looks great . the only thing that could make it better is if it let the tv rest closer to the wall , but from what i have seen they all sit out from the wall about two inches . i have a 32 '' lcd mounted on it and it seems pretty heavy for the mount so i always try to keep it closer to the wall , but every time i come home my wife has it extended all the way and swung over 45 degrees . this has n't caused any problems and i 'm sure this is well within its design strength . highly reccommended
this is a high quality , precision made piece . i 'm very particular about the construction of things that i buy and this peerless arm more than met my expectations . it was easy to attach to the back of my 32 '' lcd television and equally easy to mount to the wall . i read a review of another arm where the buyer complained that there were many pieces to assemble . not so here . everything is assembled except for the mounting plates that attach to the back of the screen . all hardware is included along with clear , complete instructions . i 'd be surprised if you could find something better
pros : like a quality piano , the keys give a sense of weight , the bend in the keyboard tool some getting used too but now am typing a full speed . the mouse offers great control , though i have n't much used all the buttons that are one the form.cons : the only gotcha is if the computer freezes , there is no way to control-alt-delete . also , setting the favorite keys to non microsoft items tends to reset after updates and restarts
one warning for users with over head lights . the 6000 keyboard that has tranparent ( light gray ) keys is very hard to read if the lighting is not quite right . i have a light directly above my desk and the reflected glare off the keys makes all the letters and numbers disappear . go for a black key or similar model
after going through nearly 6 mouses ( including several of the microsoft mouses ) , i settled on this because its round contuour shape and large effective button area that extend very far back . it also works with my kvm switch , which is a key consideration . the buttons are a bit stiff but i expect them to `` loosen '' up a bit after some use . i highly recommend this mouse
they are everything the other reviewers said they were , and i , too , ca n't wait until the printing is darker and in color ! wish it did n't take so long to print and hope the darker images and color only require an upgrade
i used two 12 foot cables with a coupler for a 24 foot pcm connection between my satellite receiver and my home theater system . the dolby 5.1 is excellent
this is one of the best in its class for the low price . quick , and responsive , and very convenient for a frequent web browser . the back and forward buttons on it work like a charm and are perfect for the web
replaced my old 22 '' cinema display that was 5 years old . what a difference . clear screen , flawless finish , solid and adjustable stand . easy hook-up , it took longer to clean the dust off my computer than hook this up !
i got this monitor along with a keyboard . when i get home i plug my laptop into both and i have a huge screen to do my work on . the colors are terrific , the mouse works seamlessly across the laptop screen and the big auxilliary screen . wish i had done this a long time ago
just remember to use the proper cable , cat 5e or cat 6
like so many other small home office users , i have recently upgraded my network to 1000mpbs to help increase productivity . unfortunately , i originally purchased a gige 8 port switch from another mfg . that used a fan on their switch , a very noisy fan . after a month of listening to what sounded like an airplane engine , i tossed that unit and purchased this 8port netgear gige unit . it is silent . basically a plug and play item due to its unmanaged nature , i have had good data thru put and no problem . it comes with a small clip on stand for vertical storage if desired . the unit is finished in an attractive gray and chrome exterior . it is also small enough to live on a desktop with sucking up valuable real estate.so , if you are looking for a switch that will not be stored remotely in some closet , this is the one that will keep the peace in your office . a+ ****
i have this radio for two weeks now . i am very satisfied with the reception of am , fm and short wave -- very sensitive . has great sound . the only negative is the lack of being able to preset the stations . would buy the radio again - worth the money
how can you go wrong with a price so low . they 're good for both parents and kids to use . not to mention they 're easy for young kids to operate ! keep in touch
this card , using via 's superb envy24 ht chipset , is a huge improvement over my realtek and via envy24ht-s based cards . everything sounds better . my old audigy 2 platinum ( which i think i shall melt ) did better in 3d games , but only slightly . since this card does n't snap , crackle , and pop like the creative cards do , i 'll venture to say that it actually does make games better , since there are no weird noises distracting from the feel of the game . pros : * very high audio sampling rates , allowing for incredibly good audio production ; warm , rich , warm bass all the way up to crystal clear highs . * no crackling , popping , or hissing ! a real joy after pulling my hair out for years trying to figure out why creative labs cards keep doing this . * well-maintained , solid drivers . * supports eax 2.0* excellent asio support . cons : * no hardware support for directsound ; however , if your machine is faster than about 1ghz , you probably wo n't notice the difference . benchmark your results on a machine made in the last three years and you 'll find that no hardware directsound acceleration amounts to *less* than a 1 % difference in speed . * only supports up to eax 2.0 , due to creative labs refusing to license the technology . sound difference is minimal , though
i 'm using this monster cable to connect my ipod to my receiver via an ipod dock and it works flawlessly . sound is crisp and clear . plus , it 's a lot cheaper than getting the actual monster ipod av cable . the length of the cable makes it convenient but not too cumbersome . it 's a great way to increase the functionality of your ipod
within about 12 seconds of opening the box i was listening to my ipod on my home stereo . wires are well made.there may be cheaper options that work as well but these will last forever
i ordered a pair of these online , a bit nervous as i was n't ever able to hear them ( i heard a pair of jbl sp6c 's , the cheaper version , at best buy , and was n't all that impressed , although it might have been the poor listening environment ) . anyway , the speakers arrived , we installed them ( they look great and inconspicuous in our living room ceiling ) and i 'm quite impressed . note that we 're using these for `` whole-house '' background music , not home theater , so my standards are n't as high as they would be in the ht case . but for a 6.5 '' speaker , these put out a surprising amount of bass , and clear highs . right now we just have a cheap amplifier hooked up while we 're shopping for a better one , and they still sound great . these probably would be just fine for ht rear-speaker use ( i would n't want any in-ceiling speaker for front or center ht use ) .our home theater downstairs already has jbl speakers ( studio series for the fronts and center , northridge for the rears ) and i 've been very happy with them . i recommend these for those who need a great looking and decent sounding in-ceiling speaker without breaking the bank .
bought 2 of these to watch over my house while i am at work . setup is pretty easy , but be prepared to wait a minute after changed settings , many changes when you initial setup the camera require it to restart . camera 's work great together and the free use of [ ... ] to access the cameras is nice . setting up timers and sensor emails/ftp is pretty straight forward but will require a user to test and retest to get the settings just right.pros : price is good for a ip camera with tilt/pan . viewnetcam.com feature is a great addition to the camera package . works great with similar model panasonic cameras.cons : multiple restarts while setting up or making changes ( minor issue ) , limited online support/how-to 's
after reading all the connection problems with wireless ip cameras , i decided to purchase the wired ver . ( bl-c10a panasonic ) . i was very pleased with the easy setup and dns service included for the camera . i currently use this camera in a cabin , so i can look in and see the temp . inside and look around . this is simpe remote monitoring , as hookup took less than 1.hr to get up and running . i do not use the emailing feature presently .pros : simple to setup and get running over internet price is reasonable images are the best for a camera this cheap using viewnet ( dns service ) very easy cons : wired to the router no included light leds ( but at this price ) must use timer to reset ip camera ( cheap house timer every 24hrs
the product works well for my space and needs . one note to amaazon . when you ship a $ 400 item , thats semi fragile , and the box shows up looking like it was used as a make shift soccer ball , how does the consumer deal with physical damage ? the item is so massive to ship back , and most likey costly.i experimented with buying an expensive electronic online because the price was right . i was worried how the shipping would be handled , and sure enough , i was worried rightfully . the dvd tray catches everytime the tray comes in and goes out . the top of the receiver/dvd player had been slightly caved in . even with all the packing samsung supplied , it could not protect the product from the shipping company . it will be such a hassle to try and exchange this , that i am not sure if i will be purchasing something this expensive and fragile online again . other than that , i have purchased smaller items , and less fragile from amazon with no issues . i realize that the shipping damage canot be held on amazon , as it is out of their control . i just do n't think i will roll the dice on something like this in the future . too bad , it would have been nice to say good buy to brick and mortar pressure salesmen
not quite as bright a conventional flashlight , but certainly bright enough . no battery feature ca n't be beat . manufacturer claims it will stay on for a hour with a one minute wind . i 've never left mine on that long , but i 've only needed to wind it once in over a year . this is an excellent flashlight . i 've bought several
i was unsure of whether to purchase this product when i saw that my printer ( hp deskjet 712c ) was not on the list put out by the manufacturer but after reading some others ' reviews , i tried it anyway because the price was right . it may look a little cheesy but it works . i did n't even need the cd that comes with it in order to use the product . i just plugged it in to my printer and then into my new dell laptop and it worked . i think i may have had to restart and add my printer but that was it . very good product
do you have an old printer you would like to tie to that new lap top ? i did and at first i did n't think it could be done but a little quick research on amazon and i found this beauty . the sabrent cable is very well made and has the look of quality and ruggedness . i just plugged it in and everything took off without a hitch . ( pc w/windows xp
great picture , great price , superb & fast delivery by amazon ( via egl trucking ) .no complaints except for a faint buzzing sound on the plasma tv . i have heard that all plasma 's `` buzz '' a bit . this would not stop me from purchasing this tv again
i was looking for a tv that offered bang for buck . so i knew samsung is the way to go . except my wife was not eager as i was , but soon after buying it the planet earth hd discovery channel show was on . now i can not get my wife to stop talking about hd . we love the tv not the best tv , but best for the price . nice design and easy to use
i have had my samsung for about three weeks now ; no problems . i am extremely hapy with the picture quality and the number of inputs . we also bought the 42 '' plasma for my parents ; we 've been extremely happy with it as well . in addition to the television , i am extrmemly happy with amazon and the delivery process . everythin was handled very professionally . the tv arrived within the timeframe and undamaged . i will buy next tv through amazon as well
these speakers deliver a clear , crisp , and vibrant sound , with a richness expected of a higher-end speaker . i would recommend these to anyone interested in a good-quality sound but keeping an eye on price
after reading several reviews on this unit , we purchased it . the majority of our equipment supported gigabit and so we decided it was time to `` get in the game '' . it took less then 15 minutes to install in our rack and change over to it . all i can say is `` wow '' ! the performance is phenomenal . we have had no issue with it since switching over and it just plain works . i can not believe that we can obtain that level of speed in network applications for the price we paid . highly recommended
i bought this product mainly for my girlfriend to use on my computer . i find myself using it most of the time , now ! the mouse is great , lost of extra buttons on it ( not that i need them , but it makes it a little more convenient in case i do . ) the keyboard is great ... lots of shortcut buttons right on the keyboard , making navigation very easy . a couple of features on the keyboard i really like are the scroll whell on the left , the favorites buttons ( all customizable , as are all the shortcut buttons on this keyboard ) and the very comfortable hand rest . i got this refurbished and it works like new ! i highly suggest this . the only drawback is that it is a little bigger than i would have liked , but i do n't mind it nearly as much as my girlfriend . if that 's not a problem , i highly suggest this product ! !
not much to say here . it works . easily adjustable with just your feet . feels good wearing socks
this is a surprisingly good radio at this price . it is small , compact and yet very robust and quite heavy . it is nothing like the cheapie plastic radios one sees in the drug store . here are three things i really liked about this product : 1 ) the am/fm reception is outstanding . i am in a bad area with few stations and this model gets them in clean and clear . listening to fm on my stereo headphones was a real pleasure . 2 ) the buttons and controls are easy to use and sensible in function . this is something sangean seems to get very well . 3 ) the multi-level display lighting can be turned off , or up in 3 steps from dull to very bright . a few things i did n't like . the pilot light for `` on '' is a like an intense blue laser and lights up the entire room at night . i had to put black electrical tape over it . the aux input is a mini-jack instead of rca connector . minor inconvenience here . and finally , the cabinet is nice wood , but the finish is not as good as i think it could be . this radio is a pleasure to use and it sounds better than i expected for this price . it 's a keeper
i want the dvds i 'm making to last to as close to forever as possible , so i did a lot of research before deciding what dvds to buy . verbatim came out as # 1 for durability . i chose the dvd-r format for maximum compatibility with various devices . and i 've only had a few errors after burning about 75 dvds.amazon 's sale price for these was great . if you 're just looking for short-term backup media , i 'm sure you can find cheaper , but these are a different class of dvds
with my new lcd television , the hook-up was a snap and what a difference with the new hdmi compatible up-scale dvd i installed . the audio and visual difference for dvd and hd television programing is amazing with the cost at half the price at retail stores . very happy and highly recommended
this works perfectly , and it is built very well . my picture looks great and sound is also great
wonderful for those who type and work with computers alot -- soft and comfortable ! i have n't had any problems with carpal tunnel since ! it did n't have a nasty smell as other reviewers stated . a great buy ; saves me a lot of pain
this phone is clear and easy to use ... have had a couple and have not been disapointe
this performs better than the unit offered at the apple store at about 20 % of the cost ! plus it has an indicator light and the folding plug is handy for travel . good deal
i had an old palm m100 for the longest time and used it as an electronic replacement for a paper organizer . but it ate batteries and was n't rechargeable , so when i got a newer computer without a serial port ( and discovered it would cost a fairly decent sum for a serial-usb connector ) , i decided to upgrade . thought it 'd be cool to have something with mp3 playing capabilities as well , ( i do n't own an ipod or other small mp3 player ) but i did n't need many features beyond an organizer ( did n't need for e-mail , etc ) and did n't want to spend much over $ 75 . pros : i like the palm interface , very intuitive.calendar & contacts work wellplays mp3'ssyncs well with outlook/computerplugs in to recharge ; all cords came with it.easy to download new software ( i recommend blocks , it 's similar to tetris ) cons or caveats : display : when viewing calendar in `` full month '' mode , i have trouble seeing any entries unless i view the screen at an angle . not a deal-breaker , but a little odd . they probably improved this with newer ( pricier ) models , but you get what you pay for . i can read all other screens just fine.have n't used it to display photos ; i do n't think i 'd use this to do that -- resolution is n't worth the effort.expansion card : warning : will not read any card over 1gb size ! ( i had purchased a 2gb card with the intent of putting mp3 's on it and listening to them on the zire . would n't read it . did n't realize this till i read the fine print . fortunately , i have a camera which takes sd cards so i can use in the camera ) .listening to mp3 's : this really is n't gon na replace an ipod for features . they do say that listening to mp3 's uses more battery than other functions . i would agree but then i 've not used this for long periods of time as an mp3 player , so i ca n't really say . functionally , mp3 's play just fine with realone player . sound quality is pretty good but i have noticed a `` hiss '' background noise when using earbud-style headphones ; it 's a lot less noticeable with `` outside-the-ear '' style headphones . recommendation : outside-the-ear style headphones with an in-line ( cord ) volume control . if you 're in a quiet environment , the lowest volume level on the realone player is n't all that soft . with non-volume-adjustment headphones , the lowest volume level ( there 's a slider bar on screen ) was the loudest i wanted to hear . headphones with a volume adjustment fixes that problem.overall , it 's been worth the $ $ for me as a replacement for my former m100 , and it works ok as an mp3 player , as long as you can recharge it on a regular basis
this arm-band is surprisingly good . i initially got it for my boyfriend for his iriver , but i was afraid it would n't fit his arms since he 's very muscular . surprisingly - it stretched enough and was n't tight ! he loves it . i thought there might be too much motion on mine when i run or use the eliptical , but no , it 's fine
this product is exactly as described and arrived very quickly ... a+++++ seller ! will definately buy from again
this receiver puts out a lot of power . it also has a bit of weight to it . it comes with a microphone to automatically adjust it for optimal surround sound . the remote take some getting used to but it is great how you can hook up a dvd player , cd player , radio and many other devices . the display is nice . you really have to read the manual before you start plugging away . if you 're a surround sound fan on a budget pick this up
a couple years ago i got a projector for the `` big screen effect '' , and decided to finally get my mini advents out of storage for the surround sound . my old pioneer receiver worked ok , but i decided it was time to upgrade . i have 30 year old speaker lab ( build 'em yourself ) speakers up front with the advents in back.the only complaint i have with this unit is there is no way to connect a turn table ( yes , i 'm old ) . so i kept the pioneer for dedicated service to the record player.i have my son hook everything up as he is taking networking in school . for him it 's a breeze . i do n't even look at the directions . i just say `` here '' .having said that ; i think this thing is great ! if you are my age and can go back 30 years to your first sound system , you paid a lot more to get a simple 200 watt system ( wow ) for your records and cassettes . ahh ... . technology.i love this thing ! i can understand that some folks want something better , but for 95 % of us , this will be the last one you will ever need.highly recommended.4 stars for the lack of lp connection . otherwise ... . 5 all the way
i just got mine from amazon ( after a lengthly delay ) . it is an awesome memory card . it comes with the adapter so that you can use it in digital cameras . i tested it on the camera and it worked great . the real test was the compatibility with the sony psp . no issues there . the card worked flawlessly . i 've already used up 600 mb ... ..its a must buy ! plus , at $ 99.99 , its much less than other retailers . btw , i ordered it at $ 104.99 , then contacted amazon about the price drop . they credited the difference to me without any hassle and gave me the one-day shipping at no charge because of the delay . overall great service too .
i use this 1gb card in my sony playstation portable , and it is awesome ! the tranfer rate using the usb 2.0 cable to the psp is very good , and i love having all that storage space for movies , music , and images . i got the ultra ii because i had read that sandisk outperformed sony in speed tests , and i have to agree . the tranfer rate seems much faster than with the 32mb sony card that came with the psp . for an extra $ 5- $ 10 i got the ultra ii that has a warranty and better performance . i think it is well worth it
when compared to other 1st generation ipod shuffle armbands , this one is just as good , if not better , and you ca n't beat the price . definitely worth every penny
the bci-3ebk is good quality black ink for an inkjet printer . i have used this ink for a couple of years now and do n't recall it smudging on the pages i print . the price on this product ( compared to hp products ) is fair , but i am able to print a 100 to 200 pages before running out of ink . of course , you will get more pages out of this cartridge if you print more color graphics than text
good price . just not sure it is needed
the first one i ordered worked for about four days and then stopped recognizing the usb devices i was plugging into it . although i had considered just getting a refund , amazon was quick to replace the card with no hassles . the replacement card has been working fine for a couple of months now . the usb 2 is much faster than the original usb ports that were a part of my original computer and this particular card was a reasonable price
i own the hp 475 and since it 's slightly larger then the rest , the printer barely fits in the case . it does fit but it is very tight . i would not recommend this for the 475 . probably i should n't have bought this but i really liked the case
this cable has worked fine for me with no problems . i 'm using it to connect an inexpensive keyboard to a laptop
outstanding item . plenty of room to carry dvds . enough padding to protect the player , but not too bulky
i wish targus made the same bag just a few inches wider . my toshiba 2600 barely squeezes in the bag . however , it does fit and i was able to mount it between the two seats of our 2004 toyota sienna with no problems . there 's also ample room for cords and dvds . i like how this bag doubles as a storage case and a way to mount it in the car for viewing . all in all , a very nice product .
there are some things i like about this , others i do n't . some people have written similar reviews , but i want to add my 2 cents . hope this helps potential buyers.likes:1 . small , easy to use2 . good sound quality3 . good storage capacity for those of us who do n't have 10 million songs hanging out on our computers.4 . some people have complained that the creative media software is hard to understand . i disagree , i found it straightforward . you can even change the titles , artists , and genres of the songs on the software before it gets transferred to the player . yes , i realize this can also be done in wmp , but sometimes you want to edit later , or you missed something earlier.5 . replaceable battery . if it dies , you can get another one , you do n't have to send it in to the company.dislikes:1 . the shuffle mode is annoying . it does n't go through the entire playlist on shuffle . once a song is over , it goes right back onto the potential playlist , and can sometimes get played again fairly soon after it was first played , to the exclusion of the other items on the list . i want to hear all my songs at least once before i hear repeats.2 . the creative media center software does n't install on windows vista.3 . this is a hard drive player , so no running with it . that 's okay though for people like me : i do n't run . it also makes it cheaper than the ipod nano , which is a flash player.4 . the cable to recharge the battery is a usb cable that hooks directly into your computer . i do n't like this because i 'm not always around my computer , i do n't lug it with me everywhere i go . however , there are ports you can buy ( here on amazon , even ) that plug into the wall and have little usb ports , so that 's handy.5 . not as many accessories as the ipod , but not that important.6 . you ca n't view your photos while you are listening to music . sometimes this sucks , but if you have a camera phone , or are in an actual conversation with someone , you probably wo n't be listening to your music anyway .
the creative zen is outstanding . took a little while to get use to the controls but the sound is incredible . i bought one for my wife as well and see loves it . i did spend a little extra money for better earbuds . for the price that i paid - [ ... ] for 8gb you ca n't go wrong
i totally love this cd wallet- it is not too big and not too small . the construction of this piece is very sturdy . i 've owned this for a while now and it still looks new . the color is a classic , the only problem i have with it is that the cd pockets are very flimsy other than that the exterior of this piece is unbelievable . i love it ! ! ! i actually bought another one , oh another note do be careful because the if you do n't handle the zipper with care it tends to get caught . but nothing major :
the very first dvd player i bought was sony 's very first 5 disc dvd changer back in 1998 . it was an excellent player , but as the technology improved , it could no longer keep up . i upgraded to a single disc sony which could handle dts , and later to another single disc player which could handle progressive video . but i always missed the convenience of a 5 disc changer after having been spoiled by one at the start . at about one-third the price of that original dvd changer , this player has all the features of those previous upgrades and more while retaining the familiar functionality of my first player . it produces an excellent picture , has lots of tweakable settings , has more outputs , and is also very stylish looking.i do have a couple of nits , though . my original dvd changer had buttons on the remote which allowed me to jump directly to whichever disc i wanted . with this one , i have to press a disc skip button to cycle through all the discs until i reach the one i want . the front of the player does have direct access buttons , though . i wish i still had my old remote control as i 'm sure it would work with this unit to restore that remote functionality.second , the upscaling through hdmi produces a great image , but not really any better than leaving the image at 720x480p . in fact , upscaling will sometimes magnify some interlacing artifacts visible in the picture . it 's also unfortunate that while connected through hdmi , progressive scan can not be turned off . this should n't be an issue most of the time , but there are some video sources that might look better with it turned off . progressive settings can only be changed on the unit itself and not through the remote , but they can not be turned off when connected through hdmi . one last thing about the hdmi connection . there can sometimes be a noticeable audio sync issue when using hdmi connections and digital tvs . this is not a problem with the player , but with the way hdmi is currently implemented . this player has an audio-sync adjustment feature which should compensate for the problem . however , the audio-sync adjustment does n't work if the player is connected to a receiver via its optical digital outputs . since i need to have mine connected this way in order to enjoy 5.1 sound , the audio-sync adjustment feature is useless here . and that 's a shame . by the way , there should be no audio-sync issues if the player is connected via component , s-video , or composite outputs.there 's also a minor thing i 've found about all my sony dvd players that i have n't liked . they are unable to correctly display time remaining on certain discs , or more commonly on the special features ( documentaries , etc . ) on certain discs . i also have a cheapo philips player which has no problems displaying time remaining on those things ( even on the menu ) . it 's an improvement i 'd really like to see implemented on future players.now , despite the complaints i 've listed above , do n't get me wrong . this is still an excellent player and i really love it . i happily recommend it to anyone considering purchasing it . it really is a great value and it performs very well in most instances , and i feel it 's the best dvd player i 've ever owned . it 's just not quite perfect . in all likelihood , it 's also the last dvd player i 'll ever own as i 'll probably be buying a bluray or other hd player in a couple of years when that format war is over . but this is a great player to hold me over until then
these headphones sound pretty good , but they are n't the best . when running , the volume controller gets in the way and bounces . it is also easy to change the volume which is annoying . i also find the fact that the cord for the right side is longer than the other a little bit strange . i realize it is done intentionally , but it does nothing for me . overall , for just listening at your desk or in your room , these are great headphones . for running , i would recommend something else
i needed a way to power my laptop , and my batteries for my camcorder , as well as my digital camera . this was done without a problem when my wife and i visited slovakia .
i installed this antenna in my pawn shop where we keep most of our electronics running all day . i could never get good reception with standard antennas and now this single antenna does the job better than any i have ever seen . keep in mind that i have a full surveillance systen , alarm syster , phone system , 20 home stereos , a dozen or more computers and on and on . the terk fm-50 has exceeded my expectations . thanks , joel dba pawn-plus
radio reception in my apartment is terrible . i have purchased a few indoor antennas , even a different terk model , but none of them helped very much . i had to move the antenna around to different areas for different stations , and my digital fm radio only received one digital channel.this unit , however , works great . i get every station i want , and the digital fm works great . the only thing i would mention is that the antenna casing is bulky , so if you 're concerned about asthetics you 'll have to figure out where you can conceal it . also , i did n't get any additional benefit from the amplifier , but the antenna worked so well that i did n't need it
after reading several reviews on portable speakers , i decided to purchase the sonic impact i-f2 for my ipod . it has great sound quality , the case is durable , it packs away easily and you can take it anywhere . you can listen to music while its charging and the sounds system is quite attractive . this is by far the best accessory i 've purchased for my ipod . did i mention that it has a remote control ! !
contrary to popular belief , i even had a good experience the one time i needed technical support . a few random disconnects , but overall a great product
remember back in the day when cds first came out ? i do : hi-fi shops and all my male relatives proudly did these demonstrations of scatching a cd , putting it into a player , play & *presto* the disc played.well , either they were making bomb-proof players back thens or the laser never got to the scratched bit of the disc because i used to have piles of discs were handled carelessly and did n't play . yes , you read correctly : i used to have stacks of unplayable discs.if you do n't read any further , you can stop at the end of this sentence : skip dr works ! here 's the short of it1 . i have my own multination consulting firm2 . i have worked with computer in the media and creative industries for over 20 years3 . i dislike misleading reviews4 . i dislike wasting my time looking for products that work5 . i dislike being lied to & wasting my money and 6 . i dislike people aggressively selling me stuff that they have little knowledge about & frankly does n't work on top of that , i am impressed neither by people that trash products that do work nor people that work for certain manufacturers , create ghost profiles and trump up their employer 's products.skip doctors works . i own over 3,500 discs . out of that number , i had countless discs -- from my beloved trance planet disc , a jessye norman classical and spirituals collection , stuff by miles davis , reams of and nina simone compilations to computer program discs , backups of various creative projects , rare sacds ( superaudio cds ) and stuff that got mangled at parties or being dragged around the world before creativelabs and ipod came on the scene -- that were all unreadable . i have seen the sprays , i have seen the wipes , i have seen the low grade sandpaper product , i have tried using brasso metal polish ( a remedy recommended by a friend of mine from venezuela -- and for little scratches actually works ) and low-grade industrial solvent . hands down , short of the industrial strength polishing machines ( that handle 500 plus discs at a time and go from $ 1500 to over $ 5000 ) , skip dr ( and all its incarnations game dr / dvd dr / photo dr ) works . period.why did i only rate the product '4 stars ' ? simple : this review is about the mechanical version of the product . and i am lazy : mechanised means effort . will i buy the mechanised version ? definitely ! the product is in my shopping basket will be ordered ( when i finish writing this review to set the record straight !
they say it 's quiet , and it holds tons of data . they were correct . fast access speed , easy installation , an overall fine product . have not used the feature that let 's you back-up your entire drive , but we use it in our lan for shared files , and it 's comforting to know that we 've got these files stored redundantly . this box does just what it claims to do , the warranty of merchantability ( from my old law class ! ) .
very easy to assemble , has very classic lines , lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation , hard to find add-on shelf in maple . holds a lot of equipment
the edge 305 provides a wealth of knowledge , is easy to install , as well as use . i would love to have given it 5 stars ( it deserves them ) , but one thing that does not work correctly , and really bugs me is the calories expended . it could n't be more inaccurate if they tried to make it that way . the first day that i installed it , i took it for a quick 1 mile test ride . it indicated that in that mile i burned 100+ calories . wish it were true , but it is not . unfortunetly the next day i was going to take it out on a 100 mile ride , but crashed as i started out and have not riden since ( 3 days ) . i wore the chest strap in the office today to test the calories burned further . after 2 hours it read 0 were burned . i just took it for a car ride of 7 miles . in those 7 miles driven in a car , it indicates i burned nearly 600 calories , again i wish , but no way.other than that flaw , whioh i hope they fix with a software update , i highly recommend this product , it all other ways it is great
buying from amazon was cheapest price especially with free shipping . stepped up for more power per channel . stayed in the sony family . ( previous sony surround , output to center speaker quit ) dislike the speaker hook ups in back , difficult to attach speaker wires and screw down connections . overall happy with purchase
very satisfied with sound quality and ease of use . before purchasing , i did believe that these were noise canceling . however , that is not the case . the foam inserts do reduce background noise enough that i am very satisfied with the result . replacement foam inserts must be purchased online
according to other reviews , this radio compares favorably with others in its price class.as a ham radio operator i can say i am very happy with the e5 . it is the best portable broadcast band radio i have ever had.it is the best portable shortwave radio i have ever had.i was particularly interested in ssb capability . it works well.i called about the noisy power supply and they are sending me the improved replacement . i use 2100 mah nimh batteries which i charge externally . i have two sets . the radio works well with these.i found that the internal antenna by itself , indoors , is not enough . i used the included wire antenna with moderately good results . but more convient is using the telescoping antenna . this antenna works , according to the manual , for fm and sw only , but i found that extending it fully , is effective in all cases . ressults using this method were similar to the wire.holding the radio and using the headset may also improve reception.hams know that the antenna is a critical part of any receiver . there are limits to what is possible in a package this size . i have not tested it with a tuned outdoor antenna.for what it is , this is a great tool . it is a convient size and easy to program and use . it more than meets my expectations . [ ...
i bought these for my dvd player . they work wonderfully ! the old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [ did n't measure up } . these monster cables definately enhance the sound of my dvd movies , especially the dialogue . the old cables that i had made my movies sound a bit muffled . but the monster cables intensified the clarity from the dvd player to my reciever . for those of us who can not afford 5 speaker digital surround sound , i would definately recommend these cables if you use regular 2 channel stereo for your movies or cds
the belkin tunetalk is fabuous for using an ipod as a digital recorder . i have had very good results recording various music rehearsals ( children 's choir to big band ) with and without an external powered microphone ( sony ecm-ms908c stereo mic ) attached . since i already had the mic , the total cost was very low compared to purchasing something like a zoom digital recorder for this type of recording . i have n't plugged it into a mixing board yet . i suspect it would produce an even better recording with a decent pair of mics through a mackie 1202 or better.i bought a usb power adaptor so i would n't have to worry about battery drain . it plugs into the tunetalk and provides power to the ipod.no , it is n't as good as a high dollar recorder , dedicated mic-pre 's and a pair of neumann mics . serious recording requires serious equipment . however , for all those other recordings , the tunetalk stereo is a great recording option for about $ 60 and your trusty ipod .
i lost my monster cable brand m to m cable for my ipod and looked for a different kind and ran across this one at half the price ... plugged everything in and it works super-good sound quality and saved some bucks . hard to find these cables , so i highly recommend it
i saw the small size of this case and was in love . it has plenty of space for dvds and cords ( though it wont hold large headphones unless they fold ) . it is padded enough for protection but not too padded to be too bulky . it 's great . you wont regret it .
great price ! cant compare it to the more expensive `` monster cables '' but i cant imagine it being worth paying 50 dollars more for pretty much the same components
for its price and definately for its length , its an awesome alternative to it 's $ 100 monster counterpart
i purchased three of these for three kodak easyshare camerasi gave as gifts . it was a great buy for much less than whatyou can get at any local stores
good sound and comfortable for the price . like the fact that the cord is on one side and does not go around you neck
the best at this price . like the color and functions . mine has latest longer than some comparable higher end models . life saver when trying to keep a busy life organized . great optional backlight feature
when i first got this mp3 and opened up the box i was surprised how small it is . about the size of a piece of chewing gum . i installed the program via the included cd and it worked right away with no problem what so ever . this held all the music i had on my lap top with lots of room to spare . the program is easy to use and downloading music to the player is fast and easy . the sound is outstanding with the ear-bud headphones that are included . the fm works well and the display is back-light and very easy to read . all of the players options are user friendly and do not require a lot of skill to use . this is one piece of electronics that will not drive you mad with hard to use software or directions . as an added bonus they included batteries . this is one of my favorite gadgets and i would recommend the 1 gig for any user . it is not expensive at all and really who needs more music than this holds
i really needed a printer with a scanner so i could store my important files digitally . this printer works great.. i would recommend to change to the lower resolution so it will operate faster . it can scan color also but that takes a loooong time . b & w has been sufficient for me ; scans quickly for those . printout quality is excellent
good product , great combination of screen protection along with a small flexable piece to cover the keypad .
this is my second projector - i used an nec for the last four years , but that died on me recently . and , boy , am i glad it died - i am amazed by the quality of the ax100u - the pictures and colors almost jump off the screen at you . also , the oft mentioned ldc projector 'screen door ' effect is virtually non-existant - you have to stand almost next to the screen to notice it . i believe panny used some smoothening technology to achieve it . the contrast is also truely outstanding for an lcd projector - at par with dlp systesm , but without the headaches of the rainbow effect.couple of pointers which might be helpful to other users . when i first started using the projector with my dvd player i was getting some wavy curls ( not too visible , but still there ) that seemed to flow across the screeen . however , after about 4-5 hours of use , they have disappeared - so if any of you see those wavy curls , just give it a few hours and hopefully yours will disappear as well.secondly , unlike my old nec i was getting a flickering shimmer when using my hd box from my cable company . the shimmer was just at the edge of teh picture . there is an easy fix for this . go to options , overscan , and you can actually crop the edge of the image and not see it any more ... voila - no flickers and an incredible picture . be aware that this is big , bulky projector compared to some others out there . definately not a portable one - you do n't want to be lugging it home from work after presentations to see home pictures . this was designed as a dedicated home theater projector , not a portable presentation device . i highly recommend this projector - you 've got to see the picture to believe it - i did n't think it was possible at this price range .
i was very surprised at how well this sub articulates the low frequencies . hearing is believing . it gives a certain amount of accuracy and tangibility to base tones that i simply was not able to obtain with a higher priced sub i had purchased . for movies , it does a wonderful job of augmenting the atmosphere of scenes without being too boomy . it really enhances music by bringing out lower notes and sounds that are not normally perceived with the use of most other subwoofers on the market . i am not certain it can go as low as 27hz since i have not measured , but i am not concerned with trying to disturb the neighbors or shake the walls . i just wanted to obtain the most precies and best sounding system i could . i was able to do so with the addition of this sub . i am glad i found and tried it before paying much more for another sub i was considering.yet i hate the fact that it is advertised as being a 250-watt sub . its peak dynamic power is 250 watts . but the amplifier it contains is a 150 watt amplifier . therefore , it is a 150-watt sub
pros : very inexpensive , can play songs directly from a flash drive instead of an mp3 playercons : ca n't shuffle tracks or make a playlist if you use a flash driveoverall i 'm very happy with this device . i live in a big city and had no trouble finding an fm station with little to no interference . i love being able to play tracks directly from a flash drive without having to bring my mp3 player with me in the car all the time . the sound quality is good , but not perfect . similar to playing a cassette instead of a cd . for the low price , i ca n't complain , though
i purchased this remote to replace a broken tv/dvd/vcr combo remote . before buying it i checked specs of several brands and types to see if they could be programmed for my combo . this was the only one that definitely could . it has worked well ... a couple features are not available but i expect that with any replacement control . i 've also programmed it to my bose radio and my dish network box and the controls have worked just fine . now my coffee table is a lot less cluttered
i bought this card to be used with an ipaq hw6945 it has enough capacity for gps maps , programs and some music a 4 gb one would be great but it seems there is no 4gb card from sandisk that is supported by the ipaq . the reading / writing speed is ok too . very good product for only 18 bucks
i purchased this particular cb because of the front firing speaker . the size is perfect for in dash installations , and it is very user friendly . after installation i tested it out to 8 miles which was more then i expected . overall i 'm very pleased with the price and quality of this product
ive owned a couple cb 's and this is definitely one of the better ones ( the only ones that are better are substancially more expensive ) . works great and can be mounted in dash because of the front firing speaker . tons of features including scanning and weather ( which actually comes in very handy ) . the only feature it lacks ( and i wish it had ) is the ability to hook up to a pa. other than that its great
very very loud-enough to make you 're ears ring ( thats a good sign ) bass is very deep and the silver volume dots on one of the speakers are touch sensitive like the ipod-now thats cool.great great desktop speakers , and they can hook up right to your ipod . worth the money
well-made hard case that is virtually a necessity to protect the tungsten e2 which comes with a flimsy , cheap flip case
i have to say this mouse pad has far exceeded anything i hoped for . when i first opened the box it was shipped in i was very put off . there was a very , very strong chemical smell . i chalked it up to something in the packaging material . it turns out that was not where the smell was coming from . it was the mouse pad itself . having worked in a shoe factory years ago i was able to identify the smell as an industrial glue . the smell hung around for a couple of days . now , 1 week after having received my purchase if i put my nose close to the pad , it still carries the faint smell of industrial glue . i would caution those with allergies and/or asthma to consider this prior to purchase . as an asthmatic i can say it did affect my breathing some what . that seems to have gotten better as the smelled has lessened . i have finished with my public health warning . on to the mouse pad . it is simply the best mouse pad i have ever used . i have had wrist problems for over 4 years now . i have had swelling and pain from my right pinkie finger to my elbow as a result of console gaming and lots of keyboarding work . in the past week my swelling has greatly reduced . my pain is almost gone . my wrist sits perfectly on the wrist rest . the pad actually cradles my wrist . the wrist rest moves with my hand , so well and with so much support , it seems to be an extension of my body . a new improved appendage . i have found myself resting my wrist on the pad even while not computing but just sitting at my desk . it truly is that comfortable . i already have plans to purchase two more for friends as christmas gifts . worth every cent ! go for it ! you will not be disappointed !
great sound . fun colored lights . great design . love this radio
we love this tuner , and the kids have had funfinding out what key different sounds make.they change their voice , tap on things with pencils , etc .
i bought this mouse for my fiancee about three months ago and she has not complained once . she uses it extensively in her office and reports that it is accurate , comfortable , and looks sharp
one lvel up from the es30vs , much more capable of the last generation the es35vs is a versatile unit capable of handling all home recording needs and most professional needs as well , remote control is easier to use than the last generation , the addition of the dvi input gives it ease of recording from camcorders with a clikc of a button , i am very happy with this uni
it was easy to set up and use . our remote was bad out of the box but panasonic sent us a replacement.we were able to record tv programs right away and then transferred our old vhs over to dvd.it took a long time to transfer but it was worth watching the vhs tapes again to bring back memories .
does exactly what it 's supposed to do . i live 30 miles from the stations and have a good amount of tress surrounding my house , but i still receive all the network channels and their subchannels perfectly . easy to install , too
i have this console for protection of master bedroom 40 '' lcd samsung 1080p hdtv and denon surrond sound 7.1 home theater system . i have been very pleased with the improved picture and sound . before hooking up to this console , i had a slight wave going across the screen . it is now gone as is the slight buzz from the sound system.i also have 1-2 power outages every month from new construction in our area . the console has protected all of the equipment very well . considering the price and free shipping through amazon , i highly recommend this console
my company purchased two of these phone a month or two back for office use . previously we had an at & t - which i 'll probably never own again after having a panasonic.the phones have great voice quality - plus some nice features you do n't always find , like the hold option , data port on the back , and a nice lcd screen displaying date , time , # missed calls , # messages , and in call timer . i do wish , however , that the lcd was backlit . another great feature is the fact that it displays the associated caller id stamp with the message that is playing - no more guessing who left the message when ! the phones have been standing up beyond our expectations - and i plan on buying panasonic phones our next time around
it 's a good quality notebook bag that can fit 17 '' laptops/notebooks easily . balances well on your shoulder ( unlike some bags that rest lopsided ) . good , strong stitch . it can get heavy , but then again you 're carrying around a 17 '' laptop
i needed extra space for pictures and musis downloads this was just right not too expensive and large enought to fit the purpose
i gave a detailed review of the base system , but the handset merits comments separately . i have purchased handsets for every room in the house , and because i do n't like using the clip to carry it with me everywhere , i use them . they 're easily customizable through the pc interface , although they can be customized without it as well . each handset gets its out name , so transferring calls or paging a handset is simple . ( no more trying to remember which room has the `` fifth '' handset . ) i 've been impressed with both the battery life and the range of each handset ; i 've read reviews that criticized the range or sound quality , but i 've had no trouble with either despite a few different usage scenarios . if you 're shopping for one of these , then you 've already got the base unit or are considering purchasing it , so you know the quality to expect . i think the uniden clx485 is the best residential phone system i 've ever experienced ; the handset lives up to that standard , too
this antenna is one of the best indoor uhf antennas , but is designed for uhf only . many cities use both uhf & vhf for digital tv . to see if uhf & vhf are used in your area , enter your address at www.antennaweb.org then , look at the digtal channel frequency assignments column . if any channels are 2 thru 13 , this antenna is not for you.do not buy any knockoff antennas sold by terk . they are mostly junk .
the mounting kit installed easily and is holding a pair of bose 151 speakers . it works well for what i need
excellent value for money . my razr is a fully functional mp3 player now ! thanks . :
2gb sandisk is awesome . i can store lots of files in my pda and not worry about space . also the price was very afordable
a fast card which works as expected.you do n't know the difference a fast card can make , unless you swap to a slower one . even a slower camera/device will have improved performance with a faster card such as this one.enjoy
this memory card has not given us any trouble . very reliable product . highly recommend
plenty of room for our hpa612 printer and a friend bought the same one for her hpa617 . pockets for extra paper . shoulder strap for even more ease in transporting the printer .
when the room temperature hot and no one else wants the air conditioner turned on , this desktop air conditioner cools just my 7 feet by 7 feet personal space . it 's heaven . i would n't be without . this is my second order
i really enjoyed this product and the fact that its simple to use ! ! it clips nicely onto my laptop or i can take it off , it comes with a little protective case , and the lens slides in to keep it unexposed when you 're not using . i really like it and all its features as well
i bought these after buying tdk for the past 5 years and now only being able to get memorex at a low price ( i 've had very bad experiences with memorex cdrs in the past ) . these were surprisingly cheap as verbatim is one of the highest quality blank media brands . not surprisingly , the discs lived up to expectations on my plextor-716a drive . i have n't tested a whole lot yet , but the ones i did test , burn flawlessly and when disc scans were run , there were no errors . you really ca n't go wrong with verbatim . just buy them
i exchange audio letters with friends , and this stereo recorder was purchased after my sony 100 dvs died and no replacement parts were available . the sound quality is perfectly fine , though it does not pick up ambient sounds nearly as well as the old high-end machine . it comes with a stereo microphone , but it would be great if the microphone were attached to the unit -- as it is , there is a long clip-on cord . this makes it tough to do `` off-the-cuff '' recording . overall , a good value for the money . the other machine cost nearly $ 300 .
i bought this so i can transfer video from my panasonic pv-gs300 camcorder to my pc . installation was easy and my computer was up and running in a matter of minutes . the is a great value considering they include a 6-pin to 4-pin firewire cable too . i highly recommend this product
so this controller looked pretty sweet to me so i bought it over a rumble pad . i liked the idea of fans for wicking away sweat , as i tend to get pretty white knuckled on my controllers . i bought this controller specifically for star wars battlefront 2 on pc , and it works like a dream . i also like the x-box controller layout ( offset anolog sticks and more ergonomic ) than the ps2 style controller that is the logitech rumble pad . it also has better grips than a ps2 controller.the only things i think are bad about it are the following:1 . it is not modeled on the large xbox controller , but rather the regular one , which is ok for most people , but i have big hands and i get a bit cramped up if i play for way too long.2 . i was slightly dissapointed with the lack of custimization software available with this pad . i have a saitek cyborg evo joystick that you can create custom profiles for every game you want to use it with then set that profile before launching the game . this is n't an issue with battlefront 2 since it has a very excellent in game control configurator , but i could see where if a game did n't have as good an interface ( or maybe older games ) this pad could suffer in this regard.3 . this is n't so much an issue for me , but i would assume that with a lot of game play and turning on and off of the fan , that the fan motor will likely die sooner than the pad will wear out . i do n't care too much , because the fan is more a novelty to me than anything . i will still use it even if it does die.overall , a great controller , i actually would give it a 4.5 rating , but that is n't an option here
i needed a sub for my garage , and did not want to spend more than $ 200 . got it on sale for well under that . since this was just for the garage , when tinkering with my bikes , i did n't want something too expensive , and did n't expect much from such a small sub . i was very pleasantly suprised by it 's performance , this thing will rock when needed , and hits suprisingly low for a small sub in a very large space . i first tried a polk psw10 , since polk products had never dissapointed me in the past . well there is always a first time ... the yamaha smokes the polk sub , i returned the polk immediatly . of couse it does n't compare with the energy s12.3 i use in my main music system , but for 1/5 the cost , i never expected it to
maybe i 'm bias because i really like yamaha , maybe , because i have kinda ' good ears or , it 's the fat check sitting on my table from yamaha ; but what ever it is i realllllllly like this sub-woofer . i looked around a long time for the right sub , and , i like to think i got a good one here . you want power ? ok , it 's only 250 watts -not 1,000 watts like velodyne , but in my room ( 30 by 18ish with a 25 foot ceiling ) it rocks . i love music , all kinds ; loud or quiet no matter i like both , but i do like depth more than volume . however , i believe if you are going to listen to something real loud , being able to feel the music is as important as being able to here it.and let me say you can feel music if you want to . one of the things i love most about this sub is it 's range ; it can ( maybe ) reach 20 hertz . 20 hertz ! that is astounding.20hz is the lowest frequency the human ear can hear , in fact it 's starting into the range of sounds that are felt more than heard.maybe i have good ears and maybe i do n't , but to hear rich airy low-end , and , bass notes . yes ! bass notes ! bass is not one big boomy lump of noise , it 's huge , open , grazing pasture of distinct sounds ! in short , music sounds great , even hip-hop ( which i do n't like ) sounds , well , better.also , their is no need to turn the volume way up to hear a improvement ; at very quiet levels too , you can hear good clean bass notes . but , if you do a lot of quite listening , we 're talking back ground music levels : disable the auto-on feature and manually turn it on and off , because if you happen to be listening to something quiet , even if you still can here low notes from this , it does not seem to be enough signal to keep the auto-on , well ... on . it improves movies as well , take something with a lot of dynamics like , `` the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy '' or , `` sky captain and the world of tomorrow '' there are a lot of sudden loud , and very low sounds in those movie 's and the yamaha handles it all with aplomb . with most of the controls are on the front set-up is and tweaking is made easy , and if you are wondering about the `` bass '' button : if the button is in the `` music '' position you will have to turn the volume to a higher level to shake the termites out of the walls than if its set to the `` movie '' position ( i think `` music '' is a flatter frequency response ) . as this review seems to be getting a bit long i 'll some it up : yes , there are far better subwoofers out there ( like from b & w ) , but i do n't have the money for those , and if someone gave me a 1,000 watt velodyne i would take it in a heartbeat- but , i would n't want to give this one up too.it 's a absolute pleasure to listen to.update : i have run some test tones on this subwoofer , and well , it can not reach 20hz . 38hz seems to be the limit for usable bass , although it is still audible to around 32hz , 20hz is a stretch.if 38hz sounds to high : their are not many movie 's or cd 's that have any sounds below 35hz . and very , very few have sound below 25hz.although it does not go as low as i would have hoped , it is still a good sub for the money , and still worth a five star review
i purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for her hp pavilion notebook pc ( dv5139us ) , screen size 15.4 '' , ht 1.8 '' , wdth 14.1 '' , depth 10.4 `` . the bag is for personal use , not business , and use will be moderate . she did want some extra compartments for organization . this case has met all her needs , it is light weight , constructed of durable material , well organized . her notebook fits in this top loading case with ease . she is satisfied with this purchase . we would recommend purchasing this case .
a great product - snug fit on the laptop , and appears to be a part of the laptop itself . difficult to remove , but no real reason to remove it anyway .
i can verify again that this is indeed 16 gauge wire . this size works very well for small-medium satellite speakers . i am using this wire with a samsung ht-q80 htib . it 's working wonderfully and i 'm getting nice crisp sound . unlike the other reviewer , my spool came fully intact . i would suggest this for anybody looking for good , cheaply priced 16 gauge speaker wire
if you zoom in on the picture , you 'll notice that it 's actually 16 gauge wire . i received it and can confirm that it 's 16 gauge . wire works fine , although the spool that 's held together by two bolts and nuts had one of the nuts missing . it 's not a big deal though , and my only disappointment was on my end when i realized 100 ' was n't enough to hook up my 7 speakers
the card is blistering fast . i just wish it did n't take a performance hit in vista . it also has several other odd issues that i 've become accustomed to when buying bleeding edge technology . ( e.g . the official drivers released in february 2007 are missing several features in windows vista . like good tv-out support , hibernation support , proper ntune support . the march 2007 released vista beta drivers seems to cause a lot of people to have video driver crashes during games . check nvidia 's message board for more info . ) once nvidia straightens out their vista drivers issues , this card will be golden . as it is , the latest beta drivers did improve performance ... but it introduced some stability issues.also , evga 's 90-day step-up program will hopefully allow me to jump into the 8900 series that is rumored to be released late-april 2007.lastly ... it puts off an odd digital whine in 3d games and when resizing windows . i returned one ( with green circuitboard ) and got a new one form amazon ( black circuitboard ) and it did the same thing . amazon reimbursed me the return shipping ! the digital whine is n't too bad , but its fairly annoying if you have your game sound really low . i play with headphones , so i do n't really care
this is a great little machine and has so many uses . i bought 2 of them and 2 days later came back to amazon to buy some more for gifts and the price has doubled ... what 's with that ? keep looking and you 'll find this at a hot price again eventually
never having had any other headphones i do n't really know how to compare these , but the speakers definetely work fine and i can identify different directions ' sounds ... but there is a small crackling in the background that wo n't go away and i ca n't find out why
as headphones they work fine but the microphone falls off repeatedly and this appears to be the result of a bad design . after the 10th time the microphone failed entirely and refuses to work . i 've isolated the problem to the microphone itself . as headphones they are fine but in you need a microphone you should look elsewhere .
i received them ok none broken or cracked . this price beats walmarts price and these cases are as good as any slim cases i have ever used . i like the translucent back better than the black ones at staples
in general , lexar 's usb drive does its job just as well as other usb drives ; there is n't much of a difference except for the following:1 ) portability good : it has a convenient way of attaching to your keychainbad : this rubber holder only lasts for so long ( in my case 6-8 months ) 2 ) it is extremely durable . this drive survived a full 30 minute ( clothes ) washer cycle . when i took it out of the washer , i thought all the data and the drive was gone for good . to my surprise ( after letting it dry for a day ) it worked just fine . this is amazing ! i have also accidentally stepped on it while wearing shoes ( not using all of my weight though ) a few times on carpet and concrete ; and still works fine.finally , i have dropped this drive on a variety of surfaces and it 's still fine.3 ) looks : good : it is very easy to see since it is bright redbad : it is fatter than other usb drives and it is bright red . the drive is pretty ugly.it maybe good to note however , that the drive 's structure is probably a good reason as to why it has survived my abuse . the bright red color 's advantage has already been mentioned above
this is great . it makes it easier for us all to listen to the music in the car
bueno esta quemadora dvd muy buena recomendable , para los usuarios que quieran vivir una experiencia unica , es la mejor que ha existido , gracias amazon por vender productos de vanguardi
before adding this antenna to my wireless router , i had unreliable connections . since adding it , i consistently get the high speed connection i 'm paying for .
i was a little worried about spending almost 70 $ on this bag , but when i recieved it i was so impressed . i really love this bag ! very well made ! ! the crocadile pattern is a lot more prominent than the picture shows , but i really like it . to be honest i shy away from croc patterns , but it really works with this bag ! i have a 15.4 in . gateway laptop and it fit perfectly in this bag
this bag is just pefect ! i purchased it for my dell inspiron 6400 and , although the fit was pretty snug , i am very pleased with the purchase . it is easy to carry and above everything else , is very stylish and professional .
excellent service , but i expected to see another model of the handbag . it looked different on the picture
i have used this machine for a few months now , but have not made use of all possible features . however , this is what i can say : * basic copying , fax , scanning -- excellent* scanning with character recognition -- excellent but would prefer to have options ala omnipage* duplex printing ( printing on both sides ) -- very good , except the menu digging is ackward* build quality and overall performace -- excellent , prints fast , few jams , feels very sturdy* ease of use -- very good and straight forward* features -- excellent , loaded with capabilitiesthis machine is beautiful and no other machine i have used comes close , save for high end office machines costing $ thousands . i ca n't get over how happy i am with this one , i 've been waiting for a quality mfc since before they came out , and finally i am satisfied . highly recommended
a great addition to the ih5 radio ! you could do without it , but being able to adjust volume from across my apartment is a great feature
i travel overseas a lot for my job . this little power strip is compact and enables you to keep one adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your `` normal '' plugs for operating four devices . most monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money ( wires , cables , etc . ) but this gizmo rocks
we 've only had ours a week and i wish we 'd bought it sooner . the photos are sharp and every bit as good as commercially printed ones . i like it that they are dry and can be handled right away unlike my big hp printer 's photos which stay sticky for some time.having this gives such freedom to print and print photos to enclose in letters , to use in scrapbooking , and to frame for your home or for gifts . really convenient and takes very little space on the desktop
i 'm a college kid , recreational audiophile and bass fanatic , studying engineering . i started off building a custom sub encloser with dual kicker compvr 12 '' subs driven by a 1200w sony amp . i have n't stopped searching for great sound since.i 'm running a pair of these off an h/k avr240 , combined with a jbl ec35 center , a jbl s120pii 400w sub , and two sets of e30 surrounds.i 'm big on trying anything before i buy it . i was able to listen to these and the e80s ( the dual 6 '' floorstandings ) at a local audio store before they were discontinued . i loved the sound of these and the polk and klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics . with the jbls at a fraction of the price here on amazon , it was no question . the only issue was what model to get ... i heard very little difference in qualtiy between the e60s and e80s . the dual 6 '' put out a bit lower frequencies , but the difference was so small that i would n't be able to notice without the speakers side by side . living in a small college apartment the e90s and e100s were beautiful , but a bit overkill for what i needed . i deceided on these over the e60s with the hopes that a single 8 '' would draw less from my amp than the dual 6 '' for a bit less money.beautiful home theater and music speaker ... crisp highs , defined mids , and respectable bass . they are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be . and i love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , i suplemented the system with a sweet jbl sub.movies sound great : saving private ryan , fifth element , 40 year old virgin , anchorman , etc ... etc ... music is also fantastic ( with different amp settings tuned for genre ) : ambient , electronica , hip-hop , rap , jazz , 80s , classical , rock.ulrich schnauss , bonobo , dj shadow , busta , snoop , e40 , louis armstrong , michael jackson , bach , korn , metallica , hoobastank , 311.if you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it.bass fanatics , look at the s120pii . you wo n't regret it.~shakas~
like the name suggests , the m-audio audiophile 2496 is for true audiophiles . i have had this card for years and there still is few options that are on par with this card for the same money . the audiophile has a full dynamic range of crisp audio with little distortion . i connect my sound card via digital coaxial cable to my harman kardon avr 240 and the sound is amazingly clear . the one drawback to this card is it may be difficult for some to learn to use at first . however , when quality is essential go with the audiophile 2496 .
i have owned this backpack for almost two years and have put thousands of miles on it in nyc ( my home town ) and traveling on business across the us.a place for everything and everything in its place.first this thing has 3 major compartments and a 4th 'open ' compartment ; a padded laptop compartment large enough for a mac 17 '' with enough room left over of books or magazines . the second compartment has an internal file folder compression panel , that keeps your paperwork flat , orderly and compressed against your body ( if you ever had the paper clip come off of a 40 page document in your backpack you know how great this feature is ) . the final main compartment contains an integrated open-top mesh bag for your power brick and other miscellaneous computer gear . again this has been designed to keep the weight compressed and close to your body . each compartment has plenty of extra room beyond its required purpose . the forth 'open ' compartment is stiff outer panel with a compression draw strings around the sides in which you can stuff : your book , newspaper , umbrella , rain jacket , lunch , magazine , camera , ipod or anything you need to securely stash away and retrieve at a moments notice while on the go . a great feature ! finally this rig is fitted out with no less than 5 additional zippered pockets and 4 pockets-inside-of-pockets and : a separate gear bag , as well as a cd-rom sleeve and a removable cell phone pocket on the shoulder strap.the styling is professional enough of serious meetings . you can also carry the bag to the side with its well padded handle . this is key in elevators and subways.all and all you can load this down for a 3 day road trip and it still feels solid and balanced on your back . final notes : - zippers are high quality with big rubber grips- the black & grey color scheme will not show dirt and wear.- fits snug under airline seats- good padding on shoulders and back panel.- did i mention all the pockets ? any down side ? having this bag becomes an exercise in self control for pack-rats . when full this bag is big . but if you do n't mind looking looking geeky and knocking people over when you turn around fill it up and your good to go . other wise just limit your stuff .
the only reason i did n't give this item 5 stars is because i have only taken it on the road once , so as of yet i ca n't call it a worthy 'road warrior . ' however , it is certainly a great case . proportioned well and good design , with space for essentials . would recommend for anyone looking for a good case for their 17 '' widescreen notebook
i bought this for my husbands birthday . he was very excited . he had been looking at bags at a local store and had n't found anything as nice as this , especially for the price . plenty of room for his laptop and pens , notebooks , extra books , etc . very durable , highly recommend
i love the jlab miniblaster because no matter where i go i can have my favorite music with me . the sound is clear and i found this product easy to use . i will be giving several of these for holiday gifts and birthday presents to friends and relatives , young and old . the delivery was prompt , and i appreciated the friendly customer service in response to my questions
the cable set that comes in this item is what ought to have been included in the airport express . this comes with a 2 meter rca-ministereo , a 2 meter optical-ministereo , and a 6ft power cable . i found that both the rca and optical cables worked flawlessly with my receiver . i wish that the power cable was a little longer and i would 've liked to have received a white ethernet cable to complete this set . the installation of any of these cable went very easily with the on caveat that you must ensure to remove the covers on the optical cable which may not be obvious to some
my engineering classes do n't allow for the ti-83,86,89 . so i needed a calculator that allowed for matrix reduction , basic vector manipulation , and single variable integration for my engineering class . the matrix reduction capabilities has been a major time saver especially on tests , particularly for solving systems of linear equations especially in my statics , dynamics , and strength of materials class . the `` 2-line natural textbook display '' prevents me from getting lost in a calculation with multiple parenthetically nested expressions and is a must have . the `` scrolling '' ability to grab values from previous calculations saves time and preserves accuracy , very nice . the only thing preventing a 5 star rating is that i thought the exterior design make is awkward to use at times , but that is because i 'm used to square calculators . also i would have like this model offered in black
it is a good universal remote control , i had several but this is the only one that could realy controles my tv wel
theis is a small manuverable mouse . i especially like it for playing games since it is very quick . i had one before and i would buy another if this one quits
i lost my original stylus ( left it at a restaurant ) . this replacement pack of styli are just like my original . i have none of the problems the other reviewer had . my stylus fits perfectly , and the telescoping top is just like my original . this is a great replacement
i 've used the sd-yd250 hundreds of times over the last 2 years and it still shows no significant signs of wear . overall , the product is a five star because of its reliability and labor-saving convenience . i 've used it equally for baking bread and making pizza dough . it can also save a lot of money , provided you purchase the yeast in bulk ( for example 2lb ) . the single use yeast packages which are typically the only buying option at american supermarkets cost 20 times more per gram . particularly great savings are possible when using it to make pizza dough . this takes the tedious work out of making your own pizza , and when the dough is refrigerated for later use , it tastes even better in my opinion.like most engineered products of our age , this one is full of cute features that add little value , or cause annoyance.the yeast dispenser makes a marginal difference at best . if you use it , you ( for the most part ) create extra work for yourself because you 'll have to clean it later . the dozens of different bake modes make the product more complicated to use . they make a marginal difference in baking results . i only use the quick bake mode , which takes 2 hours to complete . let 's say you make a mistake and start the unit using the wrong settings ( easy to do given the many parameters you can set ) . you just push the reset or cancel button and start over , right ? nope , no such button exists . then unplug the unit and plug it back in , right ? nope , the engineers decided it would be a cute feature to protect against power outages , so the unit remembers where it left off . yes , but the instruction manual states that you can wait 10 minutes , and after 10 minutes it will forget , right ? nope , i tried this , too . the unit does indeed forget eventually , but it 's more than 11 minutes . if you plug it back too early , the timer resets and you have to wait again.to summarize , the hardware is excellent , and the software that controls it could hardly be dumber
this carry case is great . it would be even greater if it had a carry strap
oem charger failed . replaced with this one -- it 's more compact & functions well
this product works great for my ibook g4 screen and also for cleaning off most smudges on the case , although it seems like i 'm constantly getting new smudges on the screen . do n't expect it to get off the spots that build up on keyboard over time , though . mr. clean magic eraser works well for that ... but only if you make sure to thoroughly squeeze the water out before use on your computer . otherwise it may get in and ruin your keyboard
my 2 year old saw this in bjs and kept asking for it , so santa brought it for him for christmas . i think it 's a good first guitar . he loves to strum it , but he definitely needs to be supervised to teach him to respect that it is a special musical instrument , not a toy . so far he has sat on it and used it as a drum and it 's held up fine , but i do n't think it would hold up with such continued abuse . it is recommended for children much older than he is , so i ca n't expect anything different . i do wish they made a smaller version of it so it would be more comfortable for him . for a better price than i see at amazon , you can get a small hohner guitar at a music store , which might be better quality , i 'm not sure . regardless , i am very happy with this guitar and i would recommend it for any child who shows a real interest in music . i would not buy it for a child just as a toy , unless you do n't mind it being destroyed . i am planning to buy the guitar strap and will review that when i get it
i have both the 4 port and 2 port versions of these and they seem to work well with my dell optiplex 260 running windows xp . my poweredge 500sc , 1400 , and 1800 tend to lose the mouse and keyboard and have to be rebooted , but this may be a function of running windows 2003 r2 on them . also , the 1800 has a promise sata card which locks up with usb in general making this switch a problem ( i had to go back to the ps2 kvm ) . but with xp machines it seems fine
the connectpro usb kvm switch costs a few dollars more but it really works the first time with no hassles . i 've been forced to use cheaper kvm switches at work and windows xp never seems to play nice with them . i use this one at home with two linux machines and a desktop and laptop running windows xp . the switch worked the first time i connected everything together and has worked glitch free ever since
works just as expected . switches quickly among two desktop machines and a laptop ( all running winxp ) . each machine takes < 1 min to recognize , same as when plugging in any new usb device . very durable cables . was concerned about using wireless keyboard/mouse , but works great with the microsoft wireless desktop , including the multimedia function keys . version of the switch that i received is black , not white as pictured
speakers give good sound quality and are small and unnoticeable at a good price all the things i was looking for in speake
i bought this switch last week . the installation was as easy as plug n play . no major problems so far . this switch is worth its price
i have bought this for about 8pp in my office for their black and white desktop printer . so far not one problem . the toner is long-lasting and affordable . great quality- small desktop footprint . does a great job with envelopes , labels and even light cardstock.i would highly reccommend to anyone
this eton radio is the u.s. domestic version of the chinese tecsun pl-550 all-band pocket sized radio . the chinese version is legended in the native language and utilitarian in appearance and less expensive . the eton is , well , in english with slight curves . i have used and tested other tecsun produced radios , including the pl-200 ( eton 10 ) and the grundig etraveller vii . this radio , like the other tecsun models , has excellent frequency discrimination , as well as the ability to directly enter the frequency desired ( if you know it ) , or scan through the am , fm and many shortwave bands , find the stations you like and store their frequencies . closely allied , for example , fm stations within 200 khz ( only the strongest will be heard on most commercial fm receivers ) of each other , can be picked up with clarity , positioning the manuverable whip antenna . very , very few radios , excepting expensive car radios , can boast such performance in the unites states . now on the market are other comparable radios , all made by tecsun in china using the very same sophisicated reception circuitry regelated previously to expensive shortwave receivers . this model has other features as well : two preset wake-up times for programs from preselected stations , scanning of all bands for stations and an antenna trimmer which permits optimizing reception on weakly received broadcasts , some 500 station memories and special reception selectivity for shortwave stations whose frequencies are almost overlapping . for the price , this radio is simply an excellent value , but people wishing to receive shortwave broadcasts are warned : shortwave reception from this radio , and every other shortwave radio for that matter , of stations other than the powerful broadcasters , benefits enormously from the use of an external long wire antenna . tecsun does provide a retractable wire antenna with the radio . alas , as with almost all radios this size , there is no single side band ( ssb ) reception , an enhancement that , defying digital technology , actually requires listener intervention to optimize and has great potential , but has , for the present at least , been consigned to the province of the technical listener more interested in ascertaining distant reception than actual broadcast information . the dalai lama for all his 5,000 watts ssb from tibet can not be heard on this radio . china radio shortwave , at 150,000 watts conventiona am shortwave , with canadian relay stations , does just fine . australian radio , at the same power , radio havana , radio serbia , croatia , russia , netherlands , sweden , india , israel , etc. , at lesser power , and some with and most without relay stations , are also heard clearly on the eastern seaboard during their times of broadcast - usually in the early evening est
i 've had my e-10 for around nine months and have been most impressed by it 's performance . my interests in radio pretty much revolve around a.m. ( or medium wave ) dx'ing and shortwave listening . it 's performance on a.m. is on a par with the highly regarded kaito ka-1103 which i received for christmas this year . shortwave performance is very close , however , the kaito is superior in this area ( and features ssb tuning as well ) f.m . ? the e-10 is well above average but falls short of the kaito ka-1103 . i 've yet to see a radio that can equal the kaitos performance in this area , but the e-10 is closer than most.build quality , ergonomics , and appearance are second to none and better than most . the slightly rubberized texture of this set just plain feels good when handling and adds to the to the overall impression that this is a `` top of the line '' portable multi band receiver even though it 's moderately priced.it 's lcd digital display is one of the largest and nicest i 've seen , very easy to see and well lit with a pleasant orange backlight . other amenities such as 500 plus memories,12/24 hour clock , i.f . shift and antennae trim which are both useful in shortwave reception , local/dx switch and the internal battery charger for nicad or nimh batteries all add up to make this a radio i 'm glad i purchased and often recommend to those needing a radio of this type.even the accessories included with this radio such as the carrying satchel , earbuds , and reel-up shortwave antennae are top notch ! now , if you 're wondering why , after all this praise i only gave it a four star rating , and not a five it 's because eton did not provide ssb tuning capability on this receiver . and it 's a shame because it 's shortwave performance is good enough to utilize it . in my opinion they shortchanged this otherwise exceptional radio . hence they only `` hit a triple '' ( which is way more exciting nonetheless , i 'm a baseball nut too ) and not a home run
i only have a couple of problems with this remote . you have to keep pressing the buttons for dvd , vcr , audio , sat , etc . to change the setting . that sounds like i 'm complaining a lot , and i am . ( sue me . ha ha ) the other is this . i bought this as a replacement for a remote that quit working . i ca n't teach it the functions that i need through the `` learn '' command since the orginal remote quit . which kind of defeats the purpose of having a new remote . i have one of those all in in one home theater units and the remote would n't allow me to set the vcr clock and local channels after a power outage . other than that , i have no problem with it
my husband and father both have this unit . it 's really handy to have on road trips and to use while geocaching . from our experience , it does take a while to download map information onto the unit , and a color screen would be nice , but for $ 200 , i think it 's a good value
actually , i loved the philips acoustic edge , an earlier and internal sound card , but it did not like my older dual-processor system . because of that i was a bit skittish about using their current internal card with a processor that uses hyper-threading - which windows treats as dual processors . i bought the aurelium instead . i love this thing ! i am a bit of an audiophile , and this sound card is just perfect . with my klipsch computer speakers , it makes a perfect combination
a nice little radio . good sound for the price . i like the easy-to-read station indicator .
i love this item . we bought 2 cases for our sons before we left for vacation . it can hang from the seats but they just held them on their lap or layed it on the couch in the van . the boys arranged everything in the case so the battery even fits in it . i was glad about that . i 'd recommend this item .
the case was very well made and sturdy . unfortunatly it was too small for my sony 7 in dvd portable player . returning it to amazon was quick and easy . i wish it would have fit .
i just recently bought a sub-woofer and i spent a good deal of time searching for an interconnect . the interconnects i looked at ranged from ridiculously over-priced to questionably cheap . i knew i wanted it to be thx certified and of a length that would allow me some freedom of sub-woofer placement . this interconnect provided both at a very reasonable price . i must say after installing my subwoofer that this cable was a perfect choice . some might say that the cost reflects a cables ability to provide good sound . wrong . this is just as good as those 70 dollar interconnects . i do buy monster cable for most of my home theatre needs , but i do not buy into some of the hype surrounding monster cable and their more expensive cables . why only 4 and not 5 stars . i did not like the way the cable was packaged . the cable was folded down the middle and now the center of the cable has a crook in it . i would have perfered it to be wound around a plastic spool to avoid folding of the cable . getting past that , its a good interconnect that produces great sound .
this is actually the second rcdw500c i have purchased . the first is still working , but it has so many miles on it that i wanted to have a back-up ready when it is time to be replaced . sony electronics , in my experience , are some of the toughest in the business . the old unit may last a lot longer . i am on my third sony tv in the last thirty five years ; the second is still working for the person i finally gave it to.i am very comfortable with the technology of the rcdw500c . once learned , this unit is a dream to operate . it is user friendly , displaying all of the info the user needs for optimum use . if you have questioins , the manual is well written , and will usually enable the user to solve any problems . sony is a very reputable company . in my humble opinion , sony has been out in front of virtually all of their competitors for a long time . their products have always been a good investment for me .
this is a great product for your mini . the armband is well-constructed from a neoprene-type material ( which does n't slip when you 're sweaty ) with heavy-duty velcro all the way around , and the ipod holder is securly screwed onto it . the rubberized skin keeps your ipod safe from sweat and provides some shock and scratch resistance.this is n't a super-cheap armband , but as they say , you ( usually ) get what you pay for . this should last you for years of gymming / running / biking
very good product.. actually came with a bonus 8 cd sleeve to attach to a car visor for free . very happy with the produc
i just received these and popped 'em in and i 'm listening to mp3s on my pc . at first , one of sides was really weak in volume . in the process of testing the balance in my software , i accidentally cranked up the volume way to high for these guys , but that apparently did the trick . now both are equal , and sound good . there is decent bass , but the highs are a bit soft . a quick tweak to my equalizer , and they 're great . after reading several of the reviews on amazon , i was a bit worried about the sound , but now that i have them i 'm very happy . they 're a good price , and sooooo much better than the little ipod-like earbuds i 've tried before . those never stayed in my ear , and the bass never made me happy . summary : these jbuds stay in my ear , have good sound ( not great , but i think good for $ 20 ) , and have equal length cords from each ear
i have just started with an apple ipod nano product and was not impressed with the factory included ear buds at all . they did n't sound real good and did n't come supplied with the ear bud pads in the box so they would just fall out of your ears . what 's the deal with that ? next came the old sony mdr 027 head phones from the closet . the sony 's have the old adjustable head bar so no more falling out of the ears now . they worked o.k. , i guess , but in comparison these jbuds sound much better than either of the previous ones . i 'm now listening at half volume compared to about three quarters before and all sounds fine . i 'm hearing parts of the music not audible before with the other two models . crisper highs , great mid range , and responsive lows . set up was fast too , just find the correct size ear bud pads out of the three different sized pairs supplied and your off and running . the jbuds actually stay in your ear . wow what a concept . they are also very comfortable due to the fact i forgot they were in and started talking on the phone before noticing . the cord is just the right length for setting the ipod on a desk while still allowing plenty of movement or attaching it to a pocket . if you think you have a little too much just wrap some up with a bread tie . better too much than not enough . so back to the closet with the sony . i guess what it all boils down to is you could do a whole lot worse than these especially for a mere twenty bucks . i could n't have made a better choice for the money and quality . you should do the same . another quick note . the shipping went great . not too long at all and with standard usps . thanks amazon
it can transfer flash drive & sd card to a car mp3 player . that 's very nice . i love it..
wonderful . holds all my songs , holds my books on tape so i can listen on the road . photos are large and sharp . very easy to use and easy to download . the dials are excelent , on-off and volume work flawlessly . i have many products such as car adapter , speakers , external charger , and external microphone and all work great . i highly recommend the unit . i would never get less then 60 gigs , plenty of space for all of my needs . on my recent trip to california this was the only thing i took for entertainment ; never listened to a song twice
this is my second one of this model , i burned up the first myself when we moved and i accidentially plugged the wrong transformer into it ( too much voltage = smoke ) . i found it easy to configure , set up wep keys , mac locked everything using the web-based interface . it worked great with our linksys media extender - we watch recorded tv from our media center pc on our plasma screen tv three rooms away using this device . no problems whatsoever . has n't slowed down my internet connection either . i am buying another one today to serve the mobile computer lab at work .
i 've been in the newspaper business for many years , and i 've always used recorders at governmental meetings , interviews , etc . -- much easier and faster than taking notes , and it allows me to focus more on my subject . until now , i 've never had a recorder that could pick up everything without a lot of background noise or without having to turn the tape over or replace it in the midst of the event . this little sony is the perfect size , picks up everything without all that background noise and plays it back crystal clear . additionally , it has a long battery life , and i never run out of room while i 'm taping . i could n't ask for more
out of the box and into the attic . followed the instructions and i 'm receiving perfect signals for my 46 '' sony hdtv set from pensacola , fl ( approx 20 miles ) and mobile , al ( approx 50 miles ) . i did read the instructions and followed them , i believe the folks that are n't happy with this model did n't read and follow the instructions
unlike most tech gadgets that are a little outdated , this product stands in nearly every aspect . the sleek , supreme design by f.a . porsche makes this product appearance timeless , and its preformance is outstanding , more effective in this model than its smaller , slower ( 80gb , 120 gb ) counterparts . the autostart is a little slow for me ( its the usb model , not firewire , remeber ) , but is a totally acceptable feature for the price , design & performance cost-benefit equilibrium . excellent purchase
he estado disfrutando de este tv por alredeor de 5 dias , la imagen es muy buena , facil de instalar , lo unico que se deberia mejorar es el sonido .
the good : we plugged in our new lns2651d on 3/7/7 , about an hour northwest of tampa bay . right out of the box , with an old rabbit ear antenna , we received five hd broadcasts . the picture is amazing in both color and clarity . the bad : we reset the sound coming directly from its speakers , but because of speaker location underneath/below the screen , it lacks sparkle , esp at low to med . volume . the ugly : imagine sending your intelligent , pretty young daughter out on her first date , with shoveled-on make-up , and wearing a cheap black vinyl dress . the `` piano black '' case on this tv is a nightmare ! it shows a rippled effect , which gets distracting and even more tacky when outside light shines ( even lightly ) on it . i 'm hoping after the r & d department who designed the case , is sent to siberia , they redeem themselves by designing a matte finish slip- cover for this otherwise excellent tv
monster has always had the reputation to being the best in quality for their products ... when you think of wires , you can not help think of monster cable ... i used this cable to connect my carputer to my factory head unit ... ran up the middle of the car , grouped with a vga cable and multiple usb cables , there is no feedback at all.. i was worried the vga feed may leak into this cable but monster did not let me down.. i highly recommend this product ... but as others on here have stated.. little pricey ... in the end 'you get what you pay for !
i 've had a ge and a sony ( cd543rm ) kitchen under counter units . i 've also tested a few others in stores . the sony 543 model is superior to any other unit out their and the sony 553 is superior to the sony 543 . the 553 is worth the extra bucks for the better sound quality and am/fm reception .
i originally bought my daughter an ilive ibcd3816dt boombox for her birthday . the hiss was unbearable , so i took it back and purchased this product . much better quality control and it docks perfectly with her 2gb ipod nano using the supplied insert . very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone . it sounds great , looks good , and the controls are very intuitive .
this is perfect ( so far ) and exactly what i needed . i have been looking for a new keyboard to work with my desktop , which sits right next to mu polycom conference phone . i have been looking for something that was silent and took up less desktop space . i work out of a home office when i am not on the road so i need something that works . i spend a lot of time on the phone , so i want to be able to type without everyone on the call knowing it . perfect . setup took about 15 minutes with absolutely no hitches and no issues - the first time that has happened for me with a logitech prouct . i had read these reviews and was prepared for a grueling install , but instead it happened so quickly i was right back to work fully functional.i use my hp media center as the base pc for my office and printers - the workhouse of my office , but i have a thinkpad x60 tablet in a docking station . i connect from the media center to the thinkpad using remote computing and it works like a champ new keyboard , mouse , keypad and all.this is a great keyboard , mouse , and numeric keypad combination . we will see how long the batteries last , but so far so good . a+
i made the mistake to buy the kensington laser pointer before this one . the kensington is a good one , very well made , but it is slightly more expensive and lacks the mouse control . i to not know any cheaper model with mouse function . i can maybe prefer a bit the ergonomy of the kensington , together with the very practical possibility to store the usb receiver inside the unit , but this is probably just my taste and the hiro is quite comfortable either and lighter . my kensington has the embarrassing feature that the laser pointer is interpreted as return on some applications ( exporer on windows and opera on mac os , for instance ) . i do not know it that is a bug or if there is some reason for that . however the hiro does not have this behaviour and that is another reason for which i prefer it.the wheel system of the hiro presenter is very practical . compared with my kensington i found no difference in the quality of the laser : both do their job perfectly . the mouse control is simple and practlical and it will take a very short time to be confident with it . my unit worked perfectly wothout extra software on both mac an pc . overall i am extremely satisfied . on the minus side , the labels on the button on the side are printed with very poor colours . the `` fn '' label diapperared immediately after a few days of usage . a bit disappointing , but , after all , nothing really important . the unit also lacks programmable buttons , but i do not know any presenter with this feature . bottomline . this presenter works well , it is not expensive , and the mouse control is a true must
all of the pc to stereo cbales i could find in the stores were only 6ft long . due to the furniture arrangement in my living room , i needed a longer cable to make the connection . i was also worried about loss of sound quality over long distances . the 20 ft monster cable took care of both those issues for me . the connections are solid and the sound quality is great . it was well worth the money
i bought this mouse about three months ago , and i love it . it works on every surface , and the scroller works well too . the only complaint i have is that the cord is rather short ( about 2.5 feet long ) , and it plugs into the left-hand side of my laptop , which means that i only have about a foot to work with . although , i think that complaint can be shared equally with the dell people for putting the usb port on the left ( good deal for the left-handed population , i guess ) . some people have complained about the wind-up function for the cord getting tangled , but i have n't had any problems with that
these phones are great . sound quality is very good , including the speaker phone option . phones have many handy features , and all features are intuitive to use . no problem with the range . very easy to set up . battery life has proven to be no concern so far . the phones feel comfortable in the hand . i could n't be happier
this is the best photo printer i have seen . i work at a print shop and it tops the very expensive printers that i use . i am also a photograher and image and color quality is very important to me . i get excellent results with this printer .
very pleased with the high capacity cartridge with my epson stylus cx6600 . `` compatibles '' do not compare
nothing much to comment about on an ink cartridge ... it works as it should . if they could only reduce the cost of these things then i would be impressed
as homeschoolers , we were in search for a laminator that could help us preserve the various documents we woul be using year in and year out . the quikfinish plh4100 10 '' laminator has done an exceptional job . easy to use , as my wife had it out of the box and using it within minutes
this is what you want , '' top of the line '' never get lost again no more spat with your friends , or others . just get the magellan and you are on your way . everyone should have one
like the other guy , not much can be said . works . works well . end of story . the only thing i would have liked to see was integration of sorts into a pci slot or something , to keep it within the case
item works perfectly fine . a little slow on the shipping , so i suggest getting the faster shipping with the purchase of your item . my experience could not have been better . excellent job thank you very much . great experience .
after installing the card , i booted up my windows xp and it locked up . after rebooting again , however , the card worked fine and has continued to work fine.i 've only had the card for two days , and so far i am very happy with it . here 's my setup : windows xp home edition , direct tv set-top box , and a standard cable from the set-top box into the card . since the set-top box is in the other room , i 'm just using the set-top box remote to set it on the right channel . a little tedious , but it 's fine for recording a few shows . i have n't tried the remote that came with the card ( i assume it does n't work through walls ) .the wintv 2000 software is not very user friendly , but i have n't found any bugs in it yet.i chose not to install the software and drivers from the cd . instead , i downloaded all of the latest versions directly from the manufacturer 's web site
we got this phone about 3 years ago . in the past month , the buttons have begun to be an issue . you can press and press a button and maybe on the 3rd try , it works . finally go another phone . as with all things today , it is n't made to last . however , the price makes it less painful to have to buy another so soon
i use this product with tiki navigator navigation s/w to connect my garmin gps 76 map to my laptop . this product was recommended by tiki navigator to use because it was previously reviewed as performing perfectly , which it does . it installs easily and with the blue led allows you to see if power is still connected . highly recommended
i use this with a pc running on windows xp home edition sp2 and it works marvels . damn , i did n't even need to install the drivers that came with it . i just grabbed the usb cable , plugged it in and started making sequences on sonar 4.no latency , nothing.i recommend this product for both pc and mac users
when i first got a wireless network at home i purchased a kensington wifi finder . it worked fine . but as time went on i saw these smaller versions come out from chrysalis development . i heard they were more powerful and more versatile . so i bought one . i was not disappointed . since it was about the same size as my keyless entry remote for my car , it fit perfectly on my keychain . also it has a much longer range than the others . but best of all , it is directional . meaning i can simply turn my body while holding down the button and the leds change instantly as the signal strength increases or decreases . what a great product . i love it !
this product work perfectly in the epson printer ! the quality of printing is great !
with all the reviews about how easy the nano scratches , i left the protective film on until i found the right case the next day at cc ( they had just received them that day ) , sorry amazon but the nano did come from you . anyway the case is certainly up to the standard of the nano itself . it comes with a peel off protective strip that fits over the screen itself . i have noticed the click wheel was a little slow to respond with the shipping film on it , but since when this case is open the click wheel is directly accessible , it works great . it fits snugly in this case , yet is easy to remove though removal is not necessary to charge or update . the case has a felt inner lining which seems protect it and may provide some shock protection in case of falls . i have used it daily for 2 weeks with no scratches at all . the belt clip is sturdy and secure . the magnetic snap for closing it works great . the case can be closed with headphones attached , but of course to make adjustments it has to be opened which is easily done while on the belt clip as it unfolds to allow easy access . this case is as cool as the nano itself and i would very highly recommend it . i hope belkin makes the same case for the new ipod
i have been looking for a larger cf card for my dell axim x50v . the seagate cf drive does not work . finally , i got this working for this price . i think it 's good .
the wireless lavalier microphone system is perfect for informational interviewing and personal media management . it provides a portable option to amplified audient properties and gives the user a greater degree of movement during presentations . it can be used as a binary system , ( two separate microphone systems and a small amplifier are needed ) to interview your favorite personality , take testimonials or to exchange opinions with local leaders . the wireless lavalier makes the idea addition to any media kit
the best sound i 've ever heard in a radio . i also own a cambridge soundworks 730 and a bose wave cd/radio.despite the fact that this is a mono radio , its sound is incredible accurate , warm and powerful . the bass is astounding and the highs crystal clear.i agree with a report i 've read in cnet that states this is probably the best sounding radio ever made .
this was my first gps system of any kind . i was n't sure what to expect . i have a small mazda miata so i wanted a small-screen gps that did not overwhelm my small dashboard and this did not disappoint . i was afraid that the screen would be too small , but it 's perfect . i do n't think a bigger screen would do anything more than take up more space . i live in new york city and before putting it in my car i walked with the gps unit in my hands . perhaps because of the tall buildings and the slow walking speed it took more than 30 minutes for it to initially receive a satellite signal . i was convinced it was defective . it 's not . once i put it on the dash of my car and began driving it acquired a satellite signal within a few minutes.this unit comes with a 128mb micro sdcard onto which you can load a few state maps at one time . i ordered a 1gb micro sdcard along with this gps ( for approx . $ 11 on amazon ) and loaded all of north america at one time . this eliminates the need to re-load maps when traveling anywhere in the country . it 's worth the extra effort . this unit can be quickly moved from one car to another , especially a rental car anywhere in north america . my very first test of this thing was on the very complicated underpasses and overpasses in northern manhattan and the bronx . it was flawless ! it 's impossible to get lost with this thing . occasionally i 've made a turn too early or too late and within seconds it will re-calculate the best route . the combination of the voice prompts , the highlighted route you need to go , and the current and next street ( s ) at the top are excellent . also , the estimated arrival time in the lower left is nice , but does not account for traffic jams . the arrival time will just keep getting pushed back the slower you travel . it 's kind of a `` best traffic scenario '' prediction.this is so easy to use i 'm thinking of buying one for my 68-year-old mother who does n't have a clue when it comes to technology , but i 'm convinced she could use this without a problem ( once i 've loaded the maps for her . ) if not having bluetooth and all the other latest bells and whistles on a gps system does n't bother you ( as it does n't bother me ) buy this , you wo n't be sorry !
need to info customer that optical sound cable is required for sound from ps2 console
if your a serious gamer and want the best quality money can buy , like me , i would highly suggest this product . sounds are crystal clear , and fiber optics is the next step up in technology . my first question for you would be , `` how much do you invest in your gaming ? `` . once again , if your like me the answer is a lot . my next question would be `` how important is your audio experience ? '' you dont know what your missing out on until you actually experience the difference . very happy with this product
i was very pleased with the improvement of picture quality ( colour and clarity ) over the standard playstation cable . anyone with an s-video input should consider making this simple upgrade
product performs per specifications and is easy to use . would like to see fuse easier to replace
my high school is making us buy these calculators , and i want to say it is definately worth the price ! this thing works wonders , and it will do anything math-realated that you want to do ! ! ! ! ! ! i would strongly encourage you to buy this calculator . it also comes with a great unit converter and the periodic table , so it 's great for students like myself to use . buy this calculator ! ! ! ! ! you can also hook it up to your computer through a usb cable , so you can view your screen that is on the calculator , on your computer monitor , and you can back up and restore your ram memory
received exactly what i ordered at a fair price
my wife 's grandmother ( the person this was bought for ) loves this phone ... '' it 's easy to use with large buttons & friendly `` controls '' . i loved the price & ease of setup ... answering machine is flawless & the handset gets great reception . perfect all around :
great item . picture great , sound great , connection choices great.one problem : being located about a foot away from an under-cabinet radio , the presence ( shut off ) of this tv produces an annoying ratteling sound in the radio . to eliminate this sound you must unplug this tv from the power source ! or , optionally , move it at least three feet away , which in our case is not practical.very curious !
the eyetv 2.x software is a bit rough around the edges ( compared to dish dvr and tivo ) , but it 's very usable and works great . i bought this so i can watch the maryland terrapins at work ( cbs mmod blacks out local games ) and it 's great to be able to infinitely adjust the video window . you can record the program and watch it at lunch or when you get a chance . you will need a good antenna and i wish they provided one like miglia . but guess what , you can buy the miglia magnetic antenna and it works better than many larger antennas from radio shack or target . the miglia antenna comes apart and can go with you on travel . imagine watching local hdtv on the road without having to use the hotel cable . [ ... ] product description : portable atsc antenna for tvmini hd . this antenna is not suitable for analog products such as tvmicro and tvmax.it works with the hybrid very nicely and only costs $ 15 us . it took 4 weeks to arrive , but it 's worth it and works much better than the two arial with loop antenna i got for 2x as much
radio shack wanted $ 39.95 for a similar item so at $ 9.95 this was a steal - swr is good and performance is as much as i need for corvette runs although it hears well and gives a good transmit signal for the small size far beyond what i need . i did have to put a metal plate on the vette ( discreetly ) as it would n't stick to the fiberglass . good produc
the product shipped immediately , a new dell ac adapter from cable4less . i am extremely happy with the company and the charger 's performance as i needed a second one so i would not have to keep plugging in and out my primary charger . i did n't think i could get such a good deal on a real dell product
without a doubt this is the best product of its type , i looked at several others priced significantly higher , and after setting up the am2 it was clear i had made the best choice
i have a 40 '' samsung lcd and wanted an arm that would both extend and also be able to hold 50 lbs or so . this arm feels solid and does the job ; the tv has n't fallen yet . one thing to be sure of is to check the size adapter plate you will need to connect the arm to your tv . my arm came with a 200 x 100 , but i needed a 200 x 200 plate and had to order it separately . i would recommend this arm
i did a bit of internet research for this , and a site devoted to luggage was raving about this . what can i say ? they were right , and it is just an unbelievable value . i love it . i got it because i do alot of walking for my commute , had started a class that required me to do alot more to get there and the book was massive . my back was already complaining about what i was carrying around on a daily basis . i ordered it and it arrived in 2 days , my back was and is so grateful.it is tough ! the sidewalks are n't in the best shape , and i 'm always pulling it up and down over curbs and had a couple of days of ice and snow , and the wheels are scuffed up but still no worse for wear ( although the little pad on the bottom for cushioning your hip if you wear it over your shoulder fell off , but why would i want to carry it like that anyway ) . very well designed , with plenty of compartments , and padded computer sleeve is removeable . it maneuvers well , is light with a comfortable handle and strap ( gel-like ) . i can grab it by the handle and walk up the metro stairs with no problem.a quality case for a great price
i bought this bag as a replacement for another roller bag for my 17 '' laptop and was surprised at how compact the design is and how weight conscious it is . the storage capacity and location for such things as chargers and cords in the space where the roller frame is makes this thinner than my previous bag . i also appreciate the smaller zippered pocket on top for things like plane tickets and things that you need quick access to . as an engineer , i must say the design is well worth the price and certainly is a practical way to carry a larger laptop
i needed something to hold my ipod while i skateboard , and this works like a charm . never moves an inch . can get a litle uncomfortable if sweating a lot
i use this when working around the house , in the yard and at the gym . stays in place very well and gives easy access to the control wheel of my ipod . has stood up to more than a year of heavy use and is still doing well for me
my mother-in-law had one of these that she uses to clean her sewing machine.i rebuild computers and thought how handy this would be and how much money i would save on air cans that are $ 5 ea . and i have bought a million of . i love this little vacuum attachment set , it works great and has a multitude of uses and has already saved me a bundle ... thanx cyber-guys ! ! ! ! you rock ! !
i use print works cd/dvd envelopes and was worried when i ordered this product that the envelopes would n't fit top-up which is important for me because i label the tops of my envelops to make looking through them easier . the envelopes are just a hair over 5 '' wide and they fit into these storage boxes perfectly . there is just enough room on either side to make flipping through the dvds easy . i ordered four of these and am glad i did . i keep them on a shelf side-by-seide and the make a perfect card-catalog-type filing systemfor all my dvds . i will most definately be ordering up more of these when i need more room ; these boxes are great . if you use a 5 '' wide envelope , rest assured that these boxes are just the right size to fit all your dvds .
ordered 2 items ... ideastream cd storage boxes and fellows cd sleeves . which is obviously 2 different manufacturers . when ordering , i clicked on a combination option to order both . needed 10 of each ... the `` 10 '' only tranferred to 1 item , not both . was not noticed until transaction completed and received a verification . called customer service and found out there were two `` customer services '' to deal with . could not change the order even though it was less than 5 minutes when i first called . customer service is obviouly not in the us ... had a communication problem and could not get a `` supervisor '' as no one was available for 2 hours . ended up paying for 2 freight charges because we had to place a 2nd order to get the quantity needed . could not get any help ... will look elsewhere before we place another order of that type.items were exactly what was needed . amazon customer service was non-existant
this product is a must have for your shure earphones . once you use this with the earphones you will not want to use the headphones without , it just takes a little getting used to
i agree with the prior review of these jbl e10s , however i 'd go to the e20s for a small room main stereo set -- better bass worth the slight price increase . bought for rear channel ( rc ) use , i find the e10s quite `` airy '' , with what seems like a better high frequency response than the main e30s i just bought from a'.com ( see my 5 star review ) , giving extremely open and detailed `` surround '' rc performance . note : the specs listed on a'.com for the e10s state `` bi-wireable : yes '' but ... unless jbl has just changed the terminals to do this that 's wrong -- mine have just a single terminal set , and do n't bother with the pricey speaker mounts offered as accessories ( unless you plan ceiling installs ) as they come with two `` slide down '' screw slots attached to the back for wall installation . surfing for the best price , i bought mine refurbished from [ ... ] for a low $ 53.00 bid plus $ 18.00 s+h directly from jbl and you may find the e30s/e20s from jbl as refurbs there as well.as rc speakers -- especially at the price i got them -- i recommend them highly , well deserving the 5 star rating given
i had a 1st generation shuffle and upgraded to a 60gb video which i adore ! however , i found that whenever i went running i was stealing my old shuffle back from my daughter . i bought this shuffle for my husband and fell in instant love with it . i really like how portable it is and you ca n't beat being able to just clip it onto your clothing . no arm straps , no more lanyards . so now i have the 60 gig for my entire library of music and videos and the shuffle for exercise
the mouse itself is very nicely designed and cool looking . i use it with my apple mac g5 . the optical tracking is great , no moving parts . the scroll wheel is indispensable for browsing the web and scrolling through documents . i just wish the software that comes with it would be more stable , less buggy . i had to uninstall it and use another mouse driver with more options , functions and less bugs
my mom bought me the candlestick phone and it is great . my friends love it , too . it looks really cool and the ringtone it just like my grandmas old phone . i can hear everybody really clear and they have no problem hearing me . i am very happy with this phone
i got mine for about 1 week ago to match with my mbp ( silver theme ) . someone mentioned about the light indications not showing as they should , or in the wrong way but mine works fine.cons : - light indicator shows exactly which usb ports are in use . - small in size- has usb port on top which comes in handy.- enough usb power- so far i did n't have to plug in the power charger yet . - comes with a usb plugged light . - comes with a extended usb cable ( for you to connect the hub to your computer ) - the usb plug is silver + transparent in color which looks kinda nice.prons : - it camed with some minor scratches on the hub 's surface although i just took it out from its sealed package carefully . those surface scratches are n't too noticeable . ( did n't want to return it and waste time & money ) . - as many have already mentioned , the usb cable is connected to the hub permanently . other thoughts : - the usb cable connected the the hub is pretty thin . it 'd be a good feature ( look less noticeable ) f you treat the cable nicely , but if you are harsh on the cable , it feels like it may break . will be great if this hub has firewire ports , but i 'm very happy with this item
i 've owned this pocket pc for a week now with very little problems . i do n't know anything about an upgrade but so far i have n't had any major problems with it . when i left it in the car and then came home it would n't turn on . i noticed it was very warm but as soon as i did a soft reset the device turned on . the soft reset does n't make you lose all your data . i just had to reset the date . i 've had to do this a couple of times so far . i did purchase a 2 gig sd card and have lots of room . i recommend that you shop around for the 2 gig memory card however because i bought mine from amazon and then i found it cheaper at best buy.i am really happy with this product . i love the way it looks . it 's easy to figure out and i 'm not really savvy with electronic gadgets . i did sign up for hotmail so i could use the msn features . it was easy to sync my music to the device and the download is done automatically with the sync . the music sounds great with a great pair of headphones . i use the calendar which helps to remind of events and appointments . also use the task button which reminds of stuff that needs to be done . great for the highly stressed out who tend to forget things . there is also a feature to write a note in your own handwriting and then the device turns it into typewritten words . really neat ! i use the recording device to record my class lecture and it 's a little hard to hear but there is a lot of noise in the classroom and i sit in the back and the teacher is up at the front . but the important thing is that i could understand what was being said so i could transcribe it . as a nursing student i was able to purchase and download nursing programs from a website with no problems and they run great.i just ca n't believe all the features that come with this pocket pc . i have no regrets making this purchase . i look forward to reading more reviews on this product and learning everything it can do . so far it 's been fun
an outstanding platform for windows mobile operating system . flawless syncing with home/office desktop . clear , high resolution screen is a joy compared to my previous palm based pda 's . wireless functioning is reliable and seamless . ergonomics are excellent . good to above average batery life with power saver options . would highly recommend this product
when it comes to ink for my r1800 photo printer , i am concerned with the quality of the images i print . the epson matte black ultrachrome hi-gloss ink cartridge provides superior resistance to water , fading and smudging . it is important to me that my prints are of high quality , so i do n't attempt to use the cheaper compatible ink cartridges . the color can be duplicated , but all inks are not created equal . third party options may produce a good print initially , but may not hold up or last as long.pros : provides superior resistance to water , fading and smudgingcons : pric
this is the correct ink for my printer . i do not buy lower priced substitutes . it was great to find this on amazon at a good price and eligible for free shipping . i only wish amazon stocked the complete set of inks for this printer which i purchased from them .
it 's a good phone , works well . i like the caller id & function buttons being a different color than from the rest of the phone , makes them easier to see & use . it has good sound & a ring tone that does n't jangle the nerves.the only problem i had with it is that the cord goes directly into the phone & one must use the cord that the phone comes with , rather than one already in use . i purchased an adapter so that i could plug it into an extension phone cord because we needed to put it some distance from the wall jack . not a big deal in my book but one i did n't learn about until i got the phone.overall i am pleased with it
while these recorders are considered `` old fashioned '' by electronic geeks , they are very useful for those of us who just want to use the counters and go to specific areas of a tape . mine paid for itself in the first 5 minutes of a legal deposition when i jogged the momory of a forgetful witness with his own words on tape . he still insisted he could n't remember anything , but had to admit it was his voice and that he -- being the model of honesty and truth -- must have been trying to tell the truth when he spoke . very effective , these `` old-fashioned '' recorders .
after 8 months of thinking , `` these ( foam inserts that came with my e3c 's ) will last forever '' i broke down and ordered these replacements as the originals were getting quite dirty . whoa ! the new ones made me realize how much my originals had hardened . my great sound and comfort was back - and the decay was so gradual i did n't even realize what i was missing ! so , 5 stars for performance , but 3 stars for what amounts to some pretty expensive foam ear plugs . avg=4stars
i needed to have an s-video feed from my classroom computer to a projector and to a tv/monitor . this proved to be the most cost-effective solution to the problem . it works just as hoped
this cable was just what i needed to connect my stereo to my computer 's sound card across the room . i 've been converting old lps to digital files , and having a well-built cable probably improved the sound quality considerably . amazon 's price was unbeatable too
opened the enclosure , plugged in my hard drive , connected it to my pc , and it worked . simple as that.i spent a whole 10 seconds realizing that the instructions provided showed that i had to remove a single screw from the back panel when i really had to remove two screws , but that was the only ( very minor ) problem.there is no fan in the case , which means the only noise is from the hard drive itself . i am assuming the case itself acts as a large heatsink , but i havent yet monitered temperatures on the hard drive itself.i am pleased with the enclosure , and would happily recomend it to anyone
we bought this to use with our ws-300m to record a class . we thought the stereo would result in a better quality recording . in the end , we set the recorder to mono ( hq ) because the speaker moves his head and the sound travels from one channel to the other ! good quality but distracting . save your money and buy the mono mic . the quality is excellent in either setting.buy the way , in case you miss it , this mic does come with a cable to connect it to the recorder
i purchased this gps back in april of 2006 and have been very happy with it since . it is not perfect , but you have to remember that this is not a dedicated street navigator or hicker gps , it 's a hybrid of the two and with that there are compromises.in the car : it is accurate and maps routes quickly 90 % of the time . the other 10 % of the time it either looses signal , has outdated maps ( my update is ordered and on it 's way as i type ) , or just slow processing for some reason . of this 10 % of the time i 'd say only 2 % of the time has this been an actual problem for me . the rest of the time i was able to simply guess what i needed to do next or it did n't matter at all . i have not found a perfect way of fixing the slow route calcuations , but the vast majority of the time this has n't been an issue.on foot : one of the features that sold me on this was the fact that it had a long lasting battery and it was waterproof . both qualities needed to be used for hiking . the only catch is you have to turn off the lock to roads , otherwise you will get some really confusing directions ! also it is difficult to program in destinations by coordinates as opposed to addresses , but it can be done ( put in and address then change everything including the coordinates in the confirmation screen before hitting route ! ) .on boat : have n't tested this as i do n't have a boat , and have n't purchased the water based maps.overall i 'm very happy with this and looking forward to the map update . i wish it was a little faster on route calculating and map drawing , and that it was easier to imput exact coordinate points . it 's still better than buying/lugging around 2 seperate gps systems to me
i received my package within three days via the super saver shipping ( cost me nothing ) . the printer is great , too . i used the brother 1440 series before and now upgraded to hp and i 'm impressed . the printer shoots out the first page immediately without having to warm up , and its very light weight and small size making it more portable . i love it
bought this mp3 player for my girlfriend for christmas . she loves it . it is small and easy to use . the headphones could be better though . the process of puting songs onto the player is simple and fast . considering you can not hear the music without headphones ... and the headphones that come with it are not very good , it only gets a 4 out of 5
i recently bought one of these babies for my niece seeing that she loves music but i was unwilling to pay an arm and a leg . it was a reasonable price and offers just what it delivers . she seems to really enjoy and found it to be easy to load both music and documents . the only real problem that i had with is that it costed less a few days after i purchased it . but that 's really a personal problem
i own one in each color for my multiple pair of earbuds . i have to say that the only way to improve upon this product , other than offering more color combinations , would be to make it bulletproof , which it damn near is already . a wonderfully convenient and stylish accessory . although $ 15 might come across as steep for such a small product , the cost becomes easier to justify as you begin purchasing more expensive earbuds . the $ 100+ shure earphones are a sizable investment and must be protected . the sendstation earbuddy meets that demand better than any other product in it 's category
the card works great in my camera . no problems . i would recommend the product
this card was easy to install and works well . i have very little experience even opening a compter box . making a spot for the connection to come out of the computer case turned out to be the most difficult part .
awesome video card.. im using this with dvi cable on my 22 inch viewsonic lcd . i must say it installed great and looks awesome ! ! great card for the money def a happy customer ! ! :
i 've had two rm-ez2 for over a year now ( on different tvs ) ... very satisfactory indeed.pro : -very smooth action , easy to press buttons , fine for big clumsy fingers and poor eyesight-always works without fussy pointing-good battery lifecon : -eventually one will accidentally depress the wrong cbl or tv button and wonder why the remote no longer works ... the cure is simple , just depress the correct button , but if you forget that they are there , you might think the remote is broken - it 's not , it 's you.-there seems to be no way to generate the code to put your tv into setup mode - so do n't throw away the manufacturer 's original remote if you ever want to put the tv into setup mode
great portability , good picture for the price . i like the fact that i can plug this player into any tv and play dvd 's and also take it in the car , camping or anywhere . i also purchased a small set of external speakers which will really improve the sound . onboard speakers a little lacking but overall a great value
this photo paper is truly top of the line , profession grade paper . i have been using it for a few years in making very large photo prints - and they always turn out great .
this is extremely high quality photo paper best used in canon photo printers . the 13 '' by 19 '' is used best with the canon i9000 printer series , with a web of 13 '' . this paper resists moisture damage and has archival quality .
i have owned this for about a week and wanted to share some initial thoughts . all in all pretty pleased with the purchase . it was well packaged and worked flawlessly with my ipod mini . there are five additional templates that can be used to dock different models . panicked at first because they did n't have one for the mini , but it was already installed on the model . cons : - light dimmer has three settings , but even the lowest is too bright . you can turn it off and it can be controlled by the remote.- no ability to set a permanent alarm by day of week . for example 7:00am monday to friday , no alarm on weekends.- wake to music starts and accelerates to the preset ( by you ) volume in something like 7 seconds so it is definitely not gentle.- sound is great for an alarm clock . do n't think it will compare with a mini stereo or bose sounddock . would buy again at the price
the first ipod clock radio i bought was an emerson itone that was very disappointing . after returning it , i did a bunch of research , and decided to order the i177 ( white ) . i am very happy with the unit . the sound is great . while it is not a bose , it sounds way better than your average alarm clock . the controls are very intuitive and simple to use . i have a 4th generation ipod , and it fit perfectly . another great feature is the display dimmer . you can turn the backlight completely off , a feature not found in many other products . a common complaint i read about for other brands of radio was that the display would light up the room ! not a problem with this unit . the remote control is pretty neat too . i like the fact that i can control my ipod remotely . there are 2 separate alarms , which is nice if your significant other has to get up at a different time . the only lacking feature is the ability to store radio stations . this would be nice , but i bought this unit to wake to my ipod so i ca n't complain . overall this thing is great .
this is my first plasma tv and i love it . we bought this to put the icing on the cake after having remodeled our complete house . the tv sounds great , and looks great . hdtv is stunning ! i am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this tv to anyone
this phone installed easily , has good sound , caller id is visible . hooks securely . that 's about all we wanted
since there is now relatively few choices for a good corded phone ( esp . with caller id ) , this phone is tops . this phone and all other at & t phones corded or cordless , exhibit slight feedback when talking loud or when hanging up . but no other phone out there seems to be nearly as durable . given the other choices , this is the one to get
i bought this device to mount on the wall in front of my work desk , and for that purpose it 's an admirable phone.plus : the contrast- adjustable lcd displays current date and time without you having to set it , the buttons for call list browsing , option setting , etc . are on the back of the receiver so you do n't have to take the phone off the hook to use them . the sound quality is great of course , this being a corded phone , and it feels somewhat worthy in your hand . the keypad lights up , although only for a few seconds - dial fast in the dark ! the ring tone is nice at its medium setting.minus : i find the base a bit bulky , the lcd has no background light , and when the handset is set to `` hi '' volume , you do hear a bit of a screeching noise when putting the set down on the base ( i keep the setting at `` lo '' though , which is plenty loud ) . my main gripe is that the phone does n't have a voicemail indicator , which would be extremely sweet with my phone company ( vonage ) . also , the caller id stuff works with batteries only - at least , they could have put a 6v ac adapter plug on the phone.still , four stars because the phone does all it says it does
i checked previous reviews before purchasing this notebook case . what i received is what i expected . lots of compartments to store needed accessories , sturdy construction , pleasant appearance . as with a previous review , my only citicism is the shoulder strap . while it is comfortable when used , it is also fixed and can not be removed . i 've already caught it once on an airline seat arm when boarding a crowded plane . other than that , it was a good purchase for the price
this monitor is an awesome buy . i had no problems with my monitor , dead pixel-wise.the only complaints i have to add are those that others have already voiced . the stand does not securely fasten to the monitor , it just sort of sits there ... a good push and down she may go . the menu buttons on the right side are n't confusing to use , my other monitors have used a similar setup : menu activates menu and also activates a menu item , up/down change values , menu backs out and there is a menu item to exit . if i had put two of these monitors side by side , i can see how accessing the power button of the monitor on the left would be an issue , minor but perhaps irksome.i have not tested the speakers , but seriously a good set of speakers wo n't set you back much , that 's not what this monitor is for . i would definitely buy another one in a heartbeat , if i did n't already have three monitors to begin with
if only other computer products were this easy to set up and use - highly recommend this product
makes plane flights so much more enjoyable and costs hundreds less than other brands . only thing that could make it better is passive noise reduction but then it would be bulkier
price is excellent . no problems but i falls below a 5 star due to product lacking higher quality materials .
they do n't collapse , so they are n't the most easily portable as you sure are n't putting them in your pocket . you also are n't listening to music in bed with them , as mentioned in other reviews , the back is not adjustable and will push the vertical facing speakers out of your ears.i tend to collect lower end headphones , and why not . so , i do have a unique perspective on them ( or so i say , mostly to flatter myself ) .these , compared to other vertical designs , are good . the sound is better than most . not quite as good as the sony h.ear line , but those would never stay in my ears and when dangling they are literally tangle hooks . these p9 's are simple , one piece , and very smartly the cord only comes up to one ear.the volume adjustment makes them nice for tv and computer use . also , if you ever listen while using a splitter , make sure the other person is wearing the cans ( or whatever more power consumptiony headphones ) so you can cut your volume . my wife wears cans when watching tv , so when i just must watch some witty sonic commercial , i just plug myself in.they are n't perfect . i 'd like to also try the sennheiser vertical over the head cheapos as well as the sony folding ones . they did come in very handy when my scroll wheel on my rio carbon was broken ( only volume control on the thing ) . for reference , my everyday buds are sony ed21lps , which i highly reccomend for all purpose use as they wont fall out , and can be stored in a very small area . heck , i even use the stupid pouch that comes with them.but , yeah , knowing the weaknesses of the p9 , if you think you 'd like it , then you 'll love it
i have went through so many cd-r blanks and finally found some with some good dye and have zero error burning rate . tdk is amazing . the first one i 've burned i 've now had for over a year and still no defects on the back of it . it 's amazing
i purchased this microphone for my 6 year old daughter to replace a microphone to her karaoke machine that the dog chewed up . this mic was inexpensive and works fine so far . we have n't had it very long so it has not really been put to the test of time
these dvds never fail ... i 've tried other brands and had miserable results.stick with memorex and you wo n't be sorry
its great , i bought it for my husband and he loves it.the zen micro fit perfect
this is a very good sounding sub for the price . i compared others at higher prices and liked how this produced a full range to compliment the other speakers . it fills a 1500 sq ft room with cathedral ceiling very well . i would buy another
i have three handsets and have programmed different ring sounds for each one , e.g. , then one in my home office rings with the three stooges singing , `` hello , hello , hello ! `` phone works very well
this mount is perfect ! it sticks well to the windshield , keeps the gps rock steady . it allows you to swing to driver , center and passenger 's views and back without any bending or remounting.i am very pleased ! my roadmate looks a 100 % better on this mount . i hated the mount that came with the gps.the build quality of this mount also seems to be very good.i would highly recomend this mount
in spite of some of the poor reviews for this product , it met all of my expectations 100 % . thanks to the reviews , i understood that the unit does n't have a builtin antenna or batteries , which was helpful to know in advance . but of course the specifications never claimed those features in the first place.i was looking for a small tv to fit in the corner of my bathroom , and this unit is perfect for that . as a bonus , i can not only watch the news while i 'm getting ready for work in the morning , but i can listen to mp3 rips when i 'm in the shower . i 've owned the unit for several weeks now , use it every day , and have never had a problem playing any disk , either copy-protected movies or cds . my only concern so far has been that i did n't receive a warrantee card with the unit.i especially like the portability . it 's so easy to pick up and take anywhere , such as watching a movie in bed , and even outside ( if it 's not too bright out ) for watching sports on the patio . the speakers are adequate , considering their size , and the headphone jack lets me either use headphones or external amplified speakers if i want better quality.in summary , i have to repeat that my expectations were set before i bought the unit and i am very pleased with what i got for the price
i wish i searched , found , & purchased one earlier . i 'm a road warrior with laptop . i work from home at times & have a desktop . this device is awesome to plug in & go . i love it . better than a clunky port replicator for my laptop & saves precious desk space . i 'd highly recommend
at around $ 35 . these ultraears are a amazing deal . they have great base , mids , and highs . the seperation is good too . if you tweek your mp3 's sound you can realy dial them in . push them nice and tight in to your ear to get the best sound .
this is an absolutely wonderful product . the cd player in my cadillac was skipping tracks and was a mess . one use of this cleaner ( specially for cars ) and my player was good as new
i bought the cooler for my dell inspiron which tends to get hot because i work it so hard - it 's cut down the time the internal fan kicks in drastically , is very sturdy yet light enough for me.so i bought another ( wide-screen ) ( black ) version for my hp pavilion which has more ram and so does n't have to work that hard , now its internal fan virtually never kicks in . in both cases the fan is so quiet that i have to turn it on/off to make sure that it is working.the only improvement i would suggest is more usb ports.4 stars because 5 is perfection
my daughter is very happy with the product . she not only got the mp3 player she wanted , she also got her favorite color `` pink '' . thought we got a great deal and it has been working wonderfully . infact , my son is now jealous that his younger sister has a better mp3 player than he has
the samsung i bought shows a great quality pictue . i love it
it 's a great tool to have at all times . security , provacy , and power in one little handy device . and the u3 apps are multiplying quickly . next i want a full-blown system on a flash drive
this is an amazing little device . i carry every word and excel file i have created in the last year on this device . how remarkable is that ? kingston really had a better profile than other thumb drives . i still have my clip cap after several months . i carry it with me daily . the really powerful potential for these devices is yet to be realised but i 'm thinking about them ! let me know how you are using yours.in addition to my data files , i downloaded applications giving my flash drive the power to accomplish tasks on its own . overall , i am happy with my drive and believe as you think of new ways to employ one you will be too . i give this device a big thumb 's up
i bought the keyboard for my 5-year-old son . the keyboard is light weight and therefore easy to carry . small and convenient for my son to play anywhere . i am using batteries and really enjoy the freedom of movement , i.e . not needing to worry about plugging it into a power source . it 's an excellent choice for my situation
i purchased the casio keyboard for my grand-daughter 's 4th birthday . she really enjoyed playing it . as a matter of fact she was still interested in it the next day . it is the perfect size for a small child . she sits in her recliner and has the keyboard across the arms . the only thing that was n't perfect is that you can mute what the child is playing , but not the 10 songs that are prerecorded in it
i enjoy this mouse . usually , i do n't like using the touch pad on laptops but after deciding to buy a mouse , i had to look for a specific mouse that would fit into my lifestyle as a student . i have small hands and i hate carrying out heavy objects in my bookbag . since i have to lug my laptop around , i needed a mouse that did n't take a lot of space , is good enough to withstand constant shifting in my laptop , and that worked well with my needs.pros : small size , optical , scrolling tab , and portabilitycons : sometimes the mouse jumps around a bit on its own . but this happens only a few times every few weeks - so it 's not often enough to cause a problem for me.enjoy
i just bought my first laptop computer and really , really hated the touchpad . i found it unresponsive at times and found the whole right clicking and using the pad at the same time a pain.i spent a while browsing the different mice available on this and other sites and in the end decided upon this little number.i am very happy that i did too . its pretty small and very lightweight but at the same time it doesnt feel at all fragile - definately well made . im about 5'11 and have fairly big hands - i find this mouse comfortable to use . it looks pretty cool too , the red panels on the side light up , which is always good for night work . all the buttons are very responsive and that middle button is a godsend after using the touchpad for the past month . i couldnt ask for better all round performance . and for $ 20 you really cant go wrong , it really is a great price for a microsoft mouse . the only reason i dont give it five stars ? ? well this is technology - although it is a awesome piece of kit , there are always other things or features they could have added
this router has worked great for the past year . we have 3 linux computers connected to dsl through it.one pc is at the far end of the house . we use two novatech powerline ethernet adapters to connect that pc to the netgear router through our home powerline wiring . netgear and novatech work fine together , with no dsl speed degredation.the browser interface is easy to use . the firewall features are easy enough for the inexpert user to understand.the manual is good , but i would prefer to have a hard copy
this pny 2.0gb card has proven to be plenty as a digital camera card . we purchased the 2 gig card for my wife 's canon powershot s-900 `` elph '' to replace smaller memory cards . although 1gb cards worked adequately with the `` elph '' we noticed , early on , that its 10.0 mega pixels quickly filled up the photo card . the 2.0gb holds many more photos ( over 400 shots and counting ) than the 1gb . at half the price of other brands , the pny is proving to be very satisfactory ( we purchased two 2.0s at once ) .we happily recommend the pny 2.0gb photo card for your photos . it makes a great gift candidate . get yours soon !
what i ordered - on time delivery - good price
these batteries last a long time . cheaper batteries wo n't hold a charge after repeated use/charging . i have aa energizer batteries and after a year they still hold a charge with out any problems .
do n't let the size fool you - i do n't know much about audio - yet - but i can tell you the sound recorded from this mic is wayyyy better than the usb microphone headset i was using . much crisper with out all the fuzziness . and i did n't spend nearly as much as the online gurus were recommending . i am sure the $ 600 mic is great - but this is doing every thing i need .
this lavalier microphone works great and is very easy to figure out . well worth while if you 're trying to record an individual talking onto a camcorder
ca n't say enough good things about this brother all-in-one , given its price and features . ( i paid $ 100 more than the new amazon price elsewhere a week ago . ) i installed as a network device and set up the software on my xp pro as well as mac os 10.4.9 machines ... easy installation , and the interface on each os is essentially the same . super fast prints from either machine , crisp and beautiful , with tonal background fills printing which never showed up on my previous hp laser.duplex scan/fax as well as duplex print was the key to my purchase , and i 've been really happy . what i did not anticipate was just how fast the printer is , or how rich the delivered software is compared with prior hp experience.noises do n't seem unusual to me - no crackling here , just noisy paper handling by adf and print engine . no big deal imho.only a few minor negatives i 've seen so far : ( 1 ) it looks like the firmware can only be updated from a windows computer , so mac folks are stuck there ( mine was delivered with current version of firmware , so maybe this does n't matter ) , ( 2 ) you can not feed heavy stock through it , even the manual feed tray - so need to keep a straight feed device around if you need thicker than 24 # stock , ( 3 ) scanner transfer rate to computer is a bit slow - not sure if it is the network interface or a slow processor in the device , and ( 4 ) expansion memory is not a popular size , so is more expensive than current pc memory - not sure if i 'll upgrade or not.have n't tried envelopes yet , so ca n't respond to earlier comments from others.it 's kind of entertaining to watch the machine do a duplex copy - as pages in the adf suck in and out to scan both sides , and pages ejecting come partway out and suck back in to copy the back side
this is an excellent boom box if you want to be able to take your skyfi out of your car and put it in the house or take it anywhere . it works great
i have had this tv since the weekend before the superbowl . the superbowl and any nascar race looks incredible . many reviews i read ( everyone on here ) which had totaled around 109 . whew ! i got ta tell ya though , this tv replaced a 51 '' sony hdtv . the sound was awesome . when i turned on this new samsung i was very disappointed . my wife almost made me send it back because of it . i made some adjustments which did make it sound a little better but nowhere near the sony . i went to a big box store and they told me it was because these companies expect that you will hook it up through a surround system and not use the tv sound . { shrug } i do for movies but not for regular tv.overall it is a very nice tv especially for the $ $
compared to my logitech mouseman dual optical from 2000 , this mouse blows it away by far in accuracy , precision . what i find to be a drawback is the mouse 's light weight and small size . the size comes in handy if i need to flick , but be sure to keep the wire out of the way - as the mouse is so light if you have the wire in a bad spot , it will push the mouse and affect your aim at crucial moments . the `` change sensitivity '' button is in a strange spot ( at least if u have large hands ) located in the center of the mouse where you will need to reach far back and almost touch the pad of your palm of the finger you 're reaching with - not an efficient movement , therefore not applicable in games ( you can assign a sensitivity script to perhaps one of the side mouse buttons if necessary ) . these are only minor itches when compared to the outstanding precision and i would highly recommend it
i did my research before purchasing this wireless card from amazon to use in conjunction with my belkin pre-n wireless router . according to every net review i 'd read , this combination of belkin pre-n desktop card and router had the best range and throughput at that range than any other card/router in its class , and as my workstation is out in the middle of a farm an almost impossible distance from the router , 'range ' is what i needed above all.after some configuration and finding the best spot to put the computer itself , i now regularly have connection qualities in the 77-90 % range a good 200-300 ft. from my router which is in another building entirely ( and both have a lot of metal cladding and what-not i had expected to cause a great deal of interference if not outright unworkability . ) the odd thing about this 'pre-n ' combination from belkin is that apparently the later belkin n equipment is grossly inferior , and manages to pull off only about half the range of this model . these cards and the pre-n router are becoming harder to find as they 've been superseded by the newer ( inferior ) models currently in the stores , so if you have to operate wireless at great distances , i doubt you 'll beat these belkin models for at least the immediate future
i mean ... 10 usbs , sli , 6 satas , support for up to 13 gb of ram and theorethically more . too much
i already test a loot of mobo ... asus , msi ( my last was k8n diamond ) , and others ... but this board looks like no other , and realy works ! ! ! for gamers is the ultimate board ... i really recomend it !
i recently bought one of these for our 18-month-old son . the piano arrived in fine shape . the piano and bench are sturdy and well made when you put them together properly . the sound is just like i remember a toy piano should sound . notes are not perfectly in tune like a fine instrument , but tuned within reason to the notes of the scale , including sharps and flats . most importantly , our little boy just loves playing this piano . hopefully it will inspire him to continue and so it is as great an introdroduction to music as any other toy , including the electronic toys , we have purchased for him . i also liked that he was n't able to pull off the keys try as he may . they just kind of become locked when he trys to do that and can be put back in place by minor adjstment .
when we initially pulled this out the box , i was excited becaue it was crafted so well ! real wood and excellent craftsmanship - however - the sound absolutely sucks ! it sounds like elmo 's toy piano , or even worse . i thought it was just the fact that the piano was sitting flat on the floor ( i had n't installed the legs yet ) , and the sound was just off . by the time i got everything assembled , the disappointment settled in even deeper . this piano was not worth the price i paid for it - by any stretch of the imagination . i realize this is a toy and not an instrument ; but again , for the money , you 'd expect a better sounding product . an added note : my daughter loves banging on it
two-port print servers are the best and this product is great ! the d-link dp-300u was very easy to set up . every house should have a two port print server : one printer for an ink jet printer , one for a laser printer . thank you d-link for not killing this product . i hope you never do
in my opinion , sony 's strength lies in its tvs . this line of lcd sets are expensive , but you 'll definitely get what you pay for . the picture quality is incredible ! the beauty of this set is also material - it is a work of art . while the internal speakers are decent , i would have been just as happy not to have them . but thanks to the beautiful design of the bezel , you do n't even know the speakers are there.some reviewers have mentioned `` lcd clouding '' , and for a product of this price it would serve you well to do the appropriate google search . but sony stands by its products , and if you receive a set that is not up to standards , they will rectify the situation . also , many reviewers are mentioning a lower-quality picture . it is important to understand what kind of signal you are feeding the tv , and what signal will give you the optimal image . not all hd signals are the same , and will provide you with varying degrees of quality . be prepared to upgrade other equipment to explore the maximum potential of this device . but , i have yet to see a signal that was n't enhanced by being viewed on this set over my previous panasonic tube set.the interchangable bezels is a nice idea , but only for those with deep ( er ) pockets . the silver set alone is beautiful , and if i had only one complaint , it would be that it 's harder to get matching sony peripherals in silver than you might think . all in all , it 's the best lcd you can buy
as the ps2 does not have hdmi outputs for high-definition tv 's , the monster cable gamelink 400 component cable is the next best thing and worth a few bucks more . you 'd have to be retarded to not notice the difference between these component cables and standard ( red , white , yellow ) av cables picture clarity . they are in two different worlds and monster fully delivers . however , your tv must have component ( red , blue , green ) inputs for this cable to be useful.ensure that you have a fiber optic digital cable for your sound to go from your ps2 to your compatible tv/receiver . these cables are for picture only and do not have a sound cable . therefore , you 'll have to forget using the single plug-in the ps2 offers for both audio and video . however , your sound will be uncompressed , fully digital audio . this is definitely a plus , rather than a negative . any mid-priced television or receiver built in the last six years will have a digital audio input
this really works & is very sturdy . the problem is the bolts they give is too heavy for light home projectors . just get 14inch screws from lowes & you will be ok.the manual is not good
i have been happy with these phones . i find no problem with the sound - no static at all . the only small thing i have noticed is that occasionally the sound echoes a little . i do not understand the terrible reviews - this phone is very usable
i do n't understand the 1 star reviews , unless there is some product variability . price was $ 60 at target . talk time is ok , although the longest i have been on the phone is maybe 10 or 15 minutes . range is fine . phone works all over the house , and audio quality if fine
buy it and you will not live home without it . if i would rate this product , i will rated a 6 stars .
these buds are definitely a step up from the standard ipod buds . they stay in your ears much more easily ( without the foam black covers , which are easily lost ) , the sound is at least marginally better , and the overall construction seems to be better . you ca n't do much better for the money.however , if you 're willing to spend a little more , the jlab jbuds are the way to go . i own both the gumys and the jbuds , and the gumys are my workout pair , and i use the jbuds for everything else.but if you 're looking to spend as little as possible yet still upgrade from the ipod buds , the gumys are the way to go
great product . totally eliminates the need to constantly change frequencies in urban areas
great gps unit that does what is supposed to do and flawlessly at that . clear easy to read display and instructions . menus and interface are self-intuitive to the degree that you just turn it on and start using it . no downloads , activations or learning required . satellite acquisition takes just a few seconds and recalculation when you miss a turn or instruction is equally fast . accuracy is impressive with spot-on instructions and updated maps . even small streets in rural areas are recognized and labeled . after looking at the garmin and magellan units i thought this was the best unit for the price . it has the largest screen and the most features for this price range . a previous reviewer complained about the misrepresentation of bluetooth capabilities to which i completely disagree . the fact the bluetooth features are available at this price range is already impressive . also unless you buy a much pricier unit none of them come with a dashboard stand . all manufacturers seem to sell them as options ( garmin included ) .
this is another terrific assortment of sharpie permanent pens , for a very good price . try them . i 'm never without sharpies , and this deal is good
this markers from sharpie are excellent ! cool colors ! great on any type of paper . recommend it 110 %
this is the first dvd recorder i purchased . i used the quick set up guide and i was off to the races . the quality of my recordings are crisp and clear . the nero software is user friendly and makes recording dvds easy . i 'm totally satisfied with my purchase plus i 'm recieving a [ ... ] rebate to top it off
we bought this external drive after learning that our friends lost all but a couple months worth of photos and/or videos from their first year with adorable triplet daughters . it resulted from the dreaded and inevitable hard-drive crash that everyone fears , but nobody thinks will happen to them . attempts by two data recovery firms were unsuccessful and now they 're left with whatever printed photos they and their family and friends could find.expecting our first child in less than three weeks , we do n't want to find ourselves in the same predicament , especially with years of other irreplaceable photos , financial data and other documents on our laptop . now we 're doing weekly , monthly and annual backups and storing some of those offsite to protect against something even worse than a simple crash of a hard drive . even if we do n't completely stick with this new regimen , it 's better than what we used to do -- which , though thankfully uneventful , was absolutely nothing.if that 's not enough to make you want to buy this , then the sony name , quality , reliability and ease of use should be . the drive is small , stylish , easily installed and takes up little space in the vertical position . although it 's a little loud when the drive is working , it reads and writes cd-r media up to 48x , ultra speed plus cd-rw up to 32x , dvd+/-r up to 16x , and high speed dvd+rw up to 8x . after a lengthy initial full backup using the included nero backitup software ( about 8 gb onto 10 old cd-r discs in 2.5-3.0 hours ) , smaller differential monthly backups and incremental weekly backups to 8x dvd+rw discs take between 10 and 20 minutes each when compressing , copying and verifying everything . backup copies of our 4 gb wedding dvd onto 8x dvd-r discs took about 15-20 minutes.the nero software seems very extensive , but i have n't used much of it so far . the interface is pretty intuitive and it 's easy to find what you want to do , but some of the more detailed or technical options might be overwhelming for someone who 's new to this kind of software or does n't want to spend a lot of time reading the pdf manual . the only real complaint i have is with the backitup program 's job scheduler , which only gives you daily , weekly and yearly frequency options ( you need to set up monthly backups as weekly jobs and either disable or skip them for several weeks in between months ) , it takes forever to re-scan files when building a new job on an existing one ( setting up subsequent daily , weekly or monthly jobs based on the initial full annual backup ) , and the data you can change for an existing job is limited ( ca n't rename it or alter the content without creating a whole new job ) .overall , great external dvd/cd drive for watching video , listening to music and backing up data . good software that 's intuitive and functional with some room for improvement , but there 's no real need for additional software you do n't already have . excellent value -- bought it at amazon for under $ 160 with taxes and free shipping , and got a $ 30 mail-in rebate from sony . also bought pack of 25 ritek 8x dvd+rw discs from thetechgeek.com for $ 33 delivered and they threw in a free 10-pack of velocity 8x dvd-r discs . so , for well under $ 200 and a little effort , you too can view , hear , copy and/or backup your valuable photos , videos , tunes and other data in no time
the printer is fast and printing is always properly aligned on the paper . quality of printed text is as good as any decent desktop printer and that is why i bought it in the first place . i am yet to try printing photos . because this is a mobile printer the manufacturer needs to ensure that the unit will stand up to the hits and accidents caused by regular transporting . it might mean providing a second skin or a padded bag with the uni
i bought this enclosure about 1 year ago . i put a 200gb hard drive in it and use it as my dedicated itunes library . it was a super easy setup . many complain in the other reviews that it 's a tight fit inside , but i did n't find it difficult at all to get the hard drive in . after connecting the hard drive and closing it up , i simply connected it via firewire to my mac g4 and it worked like a charm ! next month i will have it for 1 year and i would be 100 % happy with it if not for one thing ... the loud fan noise after about 10 minutes of it being turned on ! arghh ! ! all of a sudden it just starts sounding off with this annoying buzzing sound that gets slightly louder with time . every-so-often , the buzzing goes away for about 1 to 2 minutes , but it always returns with a vengence ! otherwise , the enclosure has held up and worked nicely for almost 1 year . i 'm definitly going to get rid of it though once i find an enclosure that is equally aesthetically pleasing and as reliable , but not nearly as noisy ! ! ! it 's a shame actually , since i 'm in the market to get 2 more enclosures to house my aperture library and data backup , respectively
i just purchased this item two days ago ( thurs . ) today ( sat . ) i removed my 160gb seagate hhd from my kingwin enclosure and installed it in this one . installation was not a problem although the molex connector seems to be a tight fit and is almost touching the fan . fan noise does not seem to be a problem yet . i used the firewire connection instead of usb and the drive access is much faster than it was with the usb connection on the other enclosure . the price is a little steep compared to others but i got a generous rebate offer with my purchase . although the case is plastic ( my other one was aluminum and plastic ) i wo n't be moving mine around so that wo n't be an issue
this cable really cleaned up the display image . i had been running another monster cable - the 6 meter version . i needed the length before because of the way my system was configured . i have a review under that cable about how quality does matter.and so does length . at the time i wrote the review i was just ordering the cable and was posting what i had found out in researching digital video signals . everything in there stands true.i changed my setup and decided to invest in a shorter version of the cable - the 1 meter version - because i could now get away with a much shorter cable . i installed it this morning and the difference , while not earth shattering , was definitely visible.i use this cable to connect between the video card on a media pc and my tv ( sony rear-projection lcd ) . the image used to swim a little along the edges of some windows , text , etc. , and the image was n't as clear as i had hoped . while the image looked good , it did n't look great . that 's why i decided to take the plunge and spend an extra $ 79 bucks.the difference is somethine like going from a regular rf feed to your tv and component video cables . now the image is crisp and clear and there is no swimming . it actually brings out detail i could n't even see before - to the point of deciding to turn on fsaa and filtering so video games have a more realistic look . and that they do.i do n't know how other brands compare to the monster cables as i have n't tried them . what i do know is that signal integrity is very important to a good looking display . you can get that with high quality cables and by keeping the length to the absolute minimum required as there was a very perceptible difference just between the 1 meter and 6 meter versions of the exact same thing.one more thing while i 'm here . i want to thank amazon for going the extra mile on customer service . i had a dvd disappear somehow during shipping . ups said they delivered it but i never received it . i asked amazon if they filed the report with ups or i did to file a claim . what i got was a reply telling me a replacement was already on its way . that is service . thanks amazon
love the wireless connection to my hp all-in-one scanner printer . works great
i almost did n't purchase this cd player because of all the bad reviews it had been getting , but i decided to go for it ! i am glad i did , i am very happy with this sony walkman ! i use it for walking , listening to meditating cds , audio books , everything and have not had one single problem with it . i am so glad i did not let the few negative reviews sway my decision ! as mentioned in another review , i love that if you have to stop playing whatever your listening to it will pick up on the same track when you press play again , it also fits in my back pocket so i can walk around the house listening to anything while doing chores , the earpieces fit well , there is absolutley nothing wrong with this walkman ! those of you who seemed to have this walkman break in 2-3 weeks must not take care of your things . i love it , the price was great , so do n't let the negative reviews stop you on this purchase !
the product works fine . it seems kind of strange that i had to purchase a package of 10 in order to get just the 2 that i needed . the linksys unit is just attached to the bracket by pressure so i ran a long zip tie through the bracket and around the linksys units to make sure they did n't pop off
great sound . love the volume control on the wire . great fit to almost any head size or shape . overall a great purchase and i love their product
besides the fact that ipod is a skinny little waste of time , let 's also mock the fact that it plays about two formats : whatever mac plays , and mp3 . woohoo . what a selection.then , we have the iaudio . it has perhaps a half inch thickness , at most , over the ipod for the standard battery model ( 20gb and 30gb anyway ; 60gb is as thick as an xl ) , though it includes so much more bang for your buck , even if some of that bang is kind of useless . but come on ; an fm radio is n't ipod standard ? almost every other portable hd player has that by now . about the only thing ipod has over iaudio is movie quality , which is , admittedly , better . but i 'm fairly basic ; i 'm buying it for my music , not to watch a bloody movie on a tiny screen . if i want to do that , i 'll buy a portable dvd player . for pictures , unless they 're ridiculously high quality , this suits just fine . but it 's not the pictures you should be interested in when buying one of these sweet players ; it 's the sound quality.which . is . marvelous . it consistantly beats ipod , it has bbe equalizer , and it not plays mp3 and aac , but wma , wav , ooc , and flac . *flac . * and if you download rockbox ( which is something you 'll have to research on your own , kids ) , you can create themes , boost your battery life , and augment your listening pleasure even further.the only drawbacks are the battery life if you do n't use playlists , skip around a lot , or play high bitrate files ( all of which are fixed rather well by rockbox ) , and the subpack . what is a subpack ? it 's a fairly good idea done badly . it 's a piece of [ ... ] plastic you can easily lose that clicks into the bottom jack of your player . in it are the power jack , line-out ( which has a bad bass roll-off problem , unfortunately ) and line-in jack , and usb port . the general idea was to make the player smaller by moving all of these jacks onto something else , but it was n't executed too well . buying a charger from [ ... ] .com solves the power jack and usb port problems nicely , and is recommended most highly . ( and did i mention recording with the built-in mic is amazing ? you can get good quality concerts with this puppy . ) plus , it 's black . ipod comes standard white . and the x5 is just better
i saw this at the store and hoping to get it in 3 months my other reciever caught on fire and was a 19 year old yamaha rx-900
this product worked very well , and was easy to hook up . for my use i had 3 video game systems using component video & optical audio , and the switching was very quick . i replaced separate manual switchers for toslink & component , and am happy with this product
this was the perfect tv for our needs : it fits the space , is economical , has great picture size and quality , and lots of features . it is a good blend of current digital and crt technology . not an lcd and bulky as they come , but once in place it delivers a quality viewing experience .
it pairs quickly with laptops & bluetooth phones . holds the gps module firmly and matches the look perfectly.the only gripe i have is it does n't have an anti-slip surface so that i can throw it on the dashboard and not worry about it falling off.the battery lasts forever . i remember using it for 6 continous hors before switching off ... mind you switching off because i had arrived at my destination
i love this product . unfortunately , i blew mine up in west africa ( my computer was not damaged ) , so when i returned i ordered another right away . i wish that it were a little thinner , but i suppose you ca n't have everything ... .at least right now
i could n't believe how great this cd case is ! i had a ton of loose cd 's all over the place because i did n't have any cases . with this i could hold them all with a ton of room to spare !
bought these to use while doing my daily walks & mowing . they work 100 % better than the little `` lipstick '' antenna you get with the myfi plus you do n't have to use the earphones . the only time i lose signal is if i 'm really boxed in an area that does n't face south . it actually works in some areas inside my house . the sound quality is good enough for a casual audiophile like me . besides , there ai n't much in the way of other options . this is my second pair because my first pair had the left channel crap out because of a broken wire after a year . so i use them as an extra antenna in the kitchen when i want to use the fm tuner on the radio
things that i like : ( 1 ) the option to tile the front of the keyboard up makes typing much more comfortable . i was a skeptic about it before i purchased it , but really do like it . also , this is the first keyboard that i have used that allows for so many typing angles . ( 2 ) the included software gives a great deal of control over customizing all of the extra keys on the keyboard . even if you do n't have windows vista , you can program the gadgets key to suit your needs . ( 3 ) the keyboard has no lag for me , whatsoever . ( 4 ) i 'm a big fan of the standard 3x2 key setup for the home keys , etc . ( 5 ) this is a small change , but i 'm using this setup on dell inspiron 6000 laptop . the software replaced the large volume notifications ( onscreen display showing volume level , mute , etc . ) with a smaller more attractive style notification . me gusta . ( 6 ) the curved keyboard is also comfortable . it requires no time nor effort getting used to it . ( 7 ) i have n't had any problems with the keyboard being `` out of range . '' ( 8 ) for the mouse , i 'm switching from the wireless intellimouse explorer 3.0 , which is also made by microsoft , to the laser 6000 mouse included . this new mouse is more comfortable . ( not a huge difference , but noticeable . ) it is also lighter , and slides around with little effort.what i do n't like : ( 1 ) the lock key above the number pad is set by default to display the same two options as when you click 'start ' then 'log off windows . ' i would have liked the option to change the key to the shut down / hibernate dialog instead . i have n't found that option available , so far . ( 2 ) the keyboard is a little bit wider than others , but i do n't find it to be a problem . it 's just different . having the additional programmable buttons outweighs the downside of having the extra width.five stars
i needed a replacement receiver for a fairly modest home theater system . i wanted a bare bones 5.1 system ( no 6.1 , 7.1 , 1kw audio power , satellite radio capable , etc . ) i only use the receiver as an audio switch and let the tv handle video source selection . reviewers of the sherwood rd-6500 liked the audio but thought the set-up a little confusing . being a retired electrical engineer that did not concern me . the price was certainly right , about the cheapest thing around ( at [ ... ] ) . i bought the unit and have been completely satisfied . i would have given it five stars but heck , nobody 's perfect . i had no problem with the setup procedure and liked the audio quality ( full disclosure : my ears are 79 years old ) . the unit has one optical digital , one coax digital and several a/v inputs . the remote lets you pick video 1-3 , cd , tuner and aux inputs . you tell the system which audio source to use for each of these , one time and it remembers . i liked the way the front panel display tells you whether a full surround signal is present . i was surprised to find how many premium hd movie channels do not always broadcast in full surround and not always in hd either . i also liked the fact that one button on the remote cycles a test tone to all six speakers so you can quickly balance them . on the negative side i , like other reviewers , bemoaned the lack of a switched power outlet since a powered sub-woofer is required
i have used these seagate drives for almost 2 years now . they work nicely for editing movies , and i like the combo firewire and usb2.0 interface . i trust these cheaper seagate than the expensive lacie ( we bought a box full of lacie d2 , they all fail in 6 months ) or store brand drives . hard drives are prone to failure . but seagate has served my company well.using : seagate 750gb , 500gb , 400gb . daisy chained ... .
works great , looks great , no problems . 22 '' monitor for this price ? more than i expected !
i 've held off reviewing this item until i actually got some alerts - and i got plenty of them over the weekend , so here it is ... .there seem to be a lot of complaints of this being hard to set-up - so many , that after having no problems setting it up myself , i 'd worried i 'd done something wrong . over the weekend , a number of thunderstorms & tornados rolled thorough my area - using the s.a.m.e alert system for my county - i received a notification for each warning . i purchased this radio specifically for the s.a.m.e alert system , living in central mississippi , we get tornado warnings all spring - i did n't want a 2am alarm for a tornado 3 counties north of me . my one beef with the unit is the radio reception - even the included external antenna , it 's spotty - especially the weather radio reception . i 'm not sure how far i am from the nearest weather radio transmitter , but living in the suburbs of madison , i ca n't be too far . if you 're in a rural area , i 'd definitely look into getting an external antenna ( it has a port for a better external antenna than the telescoping antenna included )
great product ! very pleased with my decision to get this over the 100 so i could replace my alarm clock . set it up just for the counties near me and turned off all the alerts i was not interested in
i purchased a sandisc 4 gb sdhc card for my camera . at the time it did not occur to me that neither my sandisc image mate 6 in 1 nor my siig 18-in-1 reader/writer would not be able to read this new version of secure digital . long story short-i called iogear tech support and was assured that this reader would work although netiher their promotional materails nor their packaging indicates that it will . bottom line : it works and it was a very inexpensive ( $ 10 at compusa ) solution to my problem .
i got this yoke to use with microsoft flight simulator . other people have said that the build quality is poor on this yoke , but what did you expect ? it 's just a computer game controller , it 's not meant to feel like an actual pilot 's yoke . if it were , it would probably be much , much more expensive ! yes , the plastic build makes it feel like just another joystick , but i 've had it for almost a year and have n't had any problems with it . also , i rarely need to reconfigure it , so there 's not an issue of `` wandering '' from the centre point.all in all , this yoke is fairly good and works well with flight simulator . it certainly makes you feel a little bit more like you 're a real pilot , but do n't expect to feel any g-forces or anything else like that
this univeral dvd player comes packed very neatly in an oppo cloth case and is very sleek . the finish of the dvd player is excellent , however the remote is not up to snuff in this department . this player can play pal dvds , it upconverts it to ntsc & 1080i . it 's loaded with features that you probably wo n't see on most dvd players out there . the upconversion works well though i 'm not sure the color handling is the best . the audio controls in the setup are awesome . people have complained about the disc tray being flimsy/cheap , but i think it 's just fine . it 's very quick to load and play . you may want to keep the remote safely because if you lose or damage it you wo n't be able to control most of the features . the hdmi cable that is included with the player is of good quality . probably worth around fifty bucks in the market . price to performance/features you ca n't beat this universal dvd player . buy one and you 'll know
ca n't say enough of this machine . i view all dvd 's in hidef now and that is a beautiful thin
i 've had this for about a week , and it seems to be working very well . the `` autoscan '' feature is very nice since i seemed to forget to switch between `` city '' and `` highway '' with my older units.the voice prompts are very clear , and the automute keeps the annoying beeps to a comfortable level.i 've had several radar detectors over the years , and this one certainly seems to be the best so far . it is also rated very highly in the amgazine articles i found
i have used these batteries in a variety of applications and find they perform very well . can tell no difference in their performance vs the name brands
this is a direct comparision between the linksys wusbf54g and trendnet 509ub.both perform as expected when used as a standalone hot spot detector.both perform as expected on windows xp . installation was quirky for both . after driver installation , inserting into usb slot it was n't recognized at all . fiddled around for awhile and it finally detected the device . had to disable the notebook 's builtin wireless before xp recognized the device.client software does not detect a device under windows vista ultimate rc2 . i assume this will be true for windows vista rtm too . inserting the device into a windows vista rc2 system often completely froze windows vista ( had to hold down power button for complete reboot ) . had to disable the notebook 's builtin wireless before vista recognized the device.appears that the trendnet and linksys devices are so similar that they must be made by the same oem or reference design . as expected , evaluation results are similar.1 . both devices seem to have same sensitivity , similar to notebook 's internal wireless card.2 . trendnet device does n't have windows xp signed drivers so an extra click during install is requried . also installing on new usb ports requires extra clicks.3 . trendnet device supports 801.11a whereas linksys does not.4 . trendnet device sometimes crashes vista ultimate rc2.5 . neither device 's software client works under vista ultimate rc2 . this is n't a deal breaker for me as they both work under vista ultimate rc2 networking as a usb wireless key . you just lose the client software feature.6 . the linksys has a somewhat useful backlit lcd , trendnet does not.7 . both devices work as standalone hotspot locators equal well.8 . in hotspot mode , both devices show ssid , channel number , encryption mode , etc.conclusion : for xp , i recommend the trendnet so save the extra dollars . for vista , i recommend the linksys device as it never crashed vista ultimate rc2 whereas trendnet device was gave occasional freezes
i am so grateful to all the reviewers of this product for convincing me to give it a try . i have a six-year old hitachi dvd player , and i lost the remote . i could n't play anything without it , because the buttons on the player do n't allow me to select any tracks . the instructions on this remote are incredibly easy . it found my tv automatically , because it 's set for a sony tv by default . when i had to locate a code for my dvd player , i got worried -- none of the 3 hitachi dvd codes listed in the manual worked during the setup process . but there 's a search function to use in that situation , which allows you to scroll through all the codes in the chip 's library till one works . it found one within seconds , and i was up and running . i think i 'm going to buy this as a holiday gift for my siblings so they can get rid of all the remotes scattered around their living rooms
this is simply the best remote you will ever need for all your infarad remotes ! i have a chinese satallite receiver that i could never get it to work with all other `` universal '' remotes . i was able to teach this remote to work with it ! this is a small computer
i almost bought a new phone because it was not working . the ability to purchase this battery saved me some bucks
this is a great tv . bought after looking around for months . receive hdtv signals , about a dozen without cable box . the number will continue to rise , but all of the main shows and programs are in hd . especially for sports fans almost every broadcast is in hd . true you will only get about 720p resolution from the broadcast over the air currently , but when the blue-ray hd movies are out in larger number and at a more reasonable price , this will become the standard . and this tv has 2 hdmi ports so you are ready to go . i have had another crt sharp which i have liked , and this product is no different . picture is amazing . some analog channels dont look that great , but i am at the point where where i would rather watch whatever is on an hd channel . note : i am in what is considered an upgraded cable section . the tv has the tuner to receive hd without the box as i have said , but i ca n't speak to sections that are not `` upgraded '' , so you may want to look into that . nice to receive without paying for extra equipment .
if you 're considering the viamichelin ( under $ 200 gps ) , you 're probably trying to decide if a gps that is more than $ 100 cheaper ( much more than $ 100 in some cases ) than its competitors is really any good . honestly , i would have been skeptical too , however , a relative bought one of these units , and that gave me a chance to get their feedback before i decided to purchase one myself.my brief summary is that yes , this unit is a good gps and a great value . after using mine on a trip , i 'd have a hard time justifying the more expensive models when this one works fine.background : my gps experience is limited to a 7-year old garmin iii plus . i had to plan detailed trips on my pc using mapsource , then upload the waypoints and routes to the gps . it could be a time consuming process , and because the unit was n't necessarily user friendly , my wife never learned how to use it.enter the viamichelin . we just went on a weekend trip and had a chance to test the unit . set-up time for the trip was about a minute - all i had to do was program in the street address of our destination.now for the rundown.first - what it does n't do well.a ) using it for the past two weeks ( as a test only ) around my home town , i was a little disappointed . it never sent me the wrong way , but it did n't always take the best route . some of the routing issues were because of very new road construction in the area ; and in some cases old `` logging '' roads are still in the database where new subdivisions have been built ; and it may not calculate what my experience dictates to be the better route . although this was disconcerting at first , i do n't think it is a big deal as you 'll see later.b ) macro-directions - i.e . for a several hundred mile trip . it will get you there , and if you 're taking a route that involves some smaller roads between towns , this would be a good device if you are n't familiar with the route . but my route this weekend was very simple . get to the interstate and drive . it did n't pick my preferred route to the interstate , and it wanted to route me through a city before putting me on the interstate when you can take a four-lane road for 4 miles to another connection to the interstate . ( although it did recover and finally suggest my route as i stubbornly drove `` my way . '' ) so , for a major trip , i 'd recommend an internet mapping package for the primary route . use this device if you have a lot of mind-numbing turn-by-turn.now , what it does well : a ) voice prompts are great . it does n't matter that it does n't say the street names . turn right in 300 feet is good enough - especially with the map that you can glance at.b ) it did great around my destination towns of charlotte , nc ; gastonia , nc , and rock hill , sc . did it take the best route as i drove from soccer fields , to hotels , to restaurants ? i do n't know since i was n't familiar with the areas , but the routes seems to be just fine , they got me exactly where i needed to go , and i never had to look at a road map . and after all , this was the main reason i needed a newer gps . it passed this with flying colors.c ) my wife did some of the set-up while in the car . she 'll be using this one on her on very soon.d ) we wanted to find a particular restaurant , but did n't have the street address . the restaurant was in the points of interest database , and it took us right to it . also , finding rest stops or nearby dining while traveling on the interstate was great.i also found a feature that was not listed in the 89-page manual . from the navigation map , if you touch the screen , it has a `` bypass route '' option . it will give you some distant options ( 1 mi , 5 mi , etc . ) then it will find a bypass route for you . so , if you are approaching road construction or a traffic jam , this will route you off the interstate , take you up the road and bring you back on . obviously you could just turn off the interstate and start driving , but then it 's going to try to turn you around and/or try to get you back on sooner than you prefer . the bypass route lets you see where it is taking you by zooming out.in the future , i would like to do a side-by-side comparison w/ a more expensive ( borrowed ) gps . also , after more experience , i 'd like to update this review.bottom line : i am glad i bought this unit . i can not imagine spending $ 100- $ 500 more on a more expensive model . though the higher priced models may have better features , the value for the extra money just is n't there for me
one of the few of these type of items available on the market . i bought it with great trepidation after reading all the reviews . i had received some free drives from newegg ( seagate ) and needed to house them . this was a no brainer set up . the utility found it immediately without me having to mess around with turning virus protection or firewalls off . ( xp pro sp2 ) . the firmware was one rev prior so i updated it - absolutely smooth as silk . reformatted the drives . i chose the raid 1 option and ext3 format . i like the fact that you can specify raid size and the leftover is formatted as striped volume . the drive is fairly solid . the fan is not very noisy . the front slide up access door is a little kludgy . good user interface . i was also surprised with the speed of transfer especially having chosen raid and ext3 . the only thing i can never get to work and it is 100 % my lack of knowledge is the email alerts . i could n't get infrant to do it and same with this one.as an aside i love amazon and newegg . great retailers both of them
had mine for over half a year now , and after outstanding abuse it performs as well as the day i bought it . i fill it and empty it every month , rarely ever defragging it , back up my pc files and play movies right off it on my laptop . throw it in my backpack , plug and unplug it all day ( hotswaping ) , still with rarely a sign of slowdown , and it barely gets from cool to warm ever ( even when its running from inside my backpack ) .for some reason requires two usb ports on my new pc ( high speed usb2.0 ports ) when it should n't . it runs on one port at school just fine and i have switched the y cable with a regular usb cable with 50 % success.i 'd buy another one of these in a heartbeat if i ever thought the one i have would run itself out . the fact that it does n't need an external ac adapter to run on my usb1.1 laptop ports ( though it does have a hole for a non-included ac adapter ) is a blessing . i 've even used its double usb cord to run my power hog of an external cd-rom drive ( my cd-rom ac doesnt work on both sadly ) . might be luck of the draw , hd related items seem to be sometimes , and i 've yet to have to try out their customer service . but overall worth every cent spent ( especially since i was looking at a 4gb external for $ 40 before i saw this ) . nearly $ 1 a gig is a great deal .
this notebook case is a perfect fit for the macbook , and it is compact enough to fit into larger bags . it is exactly what i was looking for
this was a perfect fit for my 13 '' macbook . tried a couple cheaper ones , but was never satisfied , usually they were just a bad fit . this is by far the best , holds the computer in place and is light weight . it 's true you get what you pay for . one complaint , the extra pocket in front could be larger
i originally bought this cd case for my car , because i listen to cds the most while driving . this was not a good case to bring back and forth at all . it is very large and heavy ( even without cds ! ) , and the long zipper-tail makes it hard to open with one hand . i now use it to house computer software and playstation/gamecube games . for what you pay , it is an excellent buy
seems pretty good . doesnt come with any directions on how to transfer files from your `` c '' drive into it
this is a great value for money and it is very silent and soen not get hot . it is also silent and convenient . it is more flexible with the fat 32 format it comes in but i preferred the ntfs file format whice is safer and more stable . it was no problem to reformat to ntfs
this was exactly what i needed & it is very easy to use . it does a great job of encrypting your data , if that is what you want . there is plenty of space and it is snap to use with my mac powerbook . i recommend it
this product is fantastic . great sound with a small footprint . i purchased a jbl on stage at first and it malfunctioned after only a few days . the cta product has been great and it cost a lot less than the jbl product
i got the griffin itrip to enjoy my ipod in my car , and then i had to get a belkin tunebase for ipod mini ! with the short battery life that is further aggravated when using the itrip , the tunebase keeps my ipod charged so that i do n't have to plug it into my computer 's usb port every night after work
i 'm very pleased with my iriver . i have tons of room to store all my favorite songs and even sermons ! i do a lot of driving and i listen to it all the time
this is my second iriver product . the first one was fine but it could n't survive a trip through the washing machine . this one works well , is easy to navigate through , good sound . the case is rather cheap . the other one was rigid plastic . this case is hard to use and makes it difficult to change the batteries . the software leaves something to be desired so i use windows explorer to add songs and rearrange the order . all in all , this is a great little mp3 player
i use this on my macbook . works flawlessly to hookup a tv via svideo . osx handles this supremely well by remembering any video settings that i use when i have it hooked up . plug it in and video switches to tv settings , unplug it and its back to normal . i use this with dual view mode so that my desktop stays the same always on the macbook , and i just get extra desktop space when i plug the tv in.the quality is quite suprising for s-video , very good.100 % must have for anyone that has a nice tv :
it works fine , but it gets really annoying when you 're using it with a widescreen mac and a widescreen tv . the zoom function most plasmas and lcd tvs have is 16:9 aspect ratio , whereas macs are at 16:10 aspect ratio , so you can either cut off the top and bottom of what you 're trying to display , or have massive letter-boxing . after three months , i still have n't had any glitches that were this adapter 's fault.if you have hdmi or dvi on your tv or projector , do n't bother with this . go straight to dvi with a mini-dvi to dvi adapter , then get a dvi to dvi cord or a dvi to hdmi cord
ya tengo una semana con el y lo recomiendo ampliamente la imagen y la nitidez de este monitor son sobresalientes con una resolucion de 1680 x 1050 las fotos tomadas con mi camara digital se ven como una imagen real tiene varios ajustes segun el uso que le quieras dar viene en espaol
i bought this part and the addition that makes it a double shelf . i have my tv on it and it 's great
yes , it plays videos ( divx + windows media tested so far ) .yes , it plays and sorts your photos.yes , it plays mp3s and sorts them by their id3 tags ( artist/genre/album/etc . ) .yes , it comes with a good tv audio/video out cable ( letting you use the zen like a high-def digital video player ) .yes , you can download your compactflash card directly onto the zen hard drive.yes , it syncs with your outlook tasks and calendar . wha ? yeah . it 's hidden in there too . along with an mp3 alarm clock.if you 're going on vacation with a digital camera anytime soon , this is the multi-tool for you . leave the laptop at home . the zen has plenty of battery life and plenty of room for music , movies and photos to keep you moving for days when you 're unwired from the office
... i have been using this drive for a few months now and have no complaints . one of my laptops only has a usb 1.x port and it is incredibly slower for backups . that has no reflection on this product , but be ready for things to work slowly unless you have usb 2.x and do n't blame it on this drive . :
this product is perfect for anyone who has a thumb drive but no lanyard or other item already attached to it . i could not find anything like this at any of the big stores i.e . circuit city , hh gregg , etc . i hopped online and found this right away ... thanks
i love the sling media slingbox tuner ! the install was very easy just as they had said on the reviews . the quality of picture is just as good as on my cable tv . i have a great processor with the highest internet speed i could get though my cable so that may contribute to the good quality picture and color i get with it and may also be the reason i have had no problems with doing computer work and watching the screen at the same time . plue my shipment from amazon was in 2 days ! you rock amazon !
i am very pleased with the brother p-tough ql-500 . the printing lables are a good price for the quantity you get .
i bought this like a ipod but its better i have about 20 movies on it and about 500 songs and some photo 's and still have 50 gigs left . the only hang up is you still have to go pay another 20.00 to get the plug-in download that lets you show most of the movies . they say it can do all this stuff but not with out downloads and some add on 's once you get all that there are hours of fun to be had .
excellent product - very ergonomic , easy to set up and use ! wireless works great.i would recommend this product
i like to a lot this product , and i work very well and also has a low price , to obtain this is a good offer for who buys it
so far this seems to be an extremely effective ( and inexpensive ) way to store pictures captured with a multi-mega pixel digital camera . the sevice provided by this company shipping-wise was very fast . all-in-all a great deal
after all the hype on-line about the t-amp , i had to check it out for myself . all the reports are true ! this is one hot little audio amp which can not be touched for the price . if you have a portable audio device and two speakers you need to drive with it - this amp is for you . you will not be disappointed . i recommend purchasing the ac power supply as well . you can find others cheaper , but the recommended one works perfectly and insures the warrantee for the t-amp remains valid
great sound form small box.nice platform for tweaking.good power needed
ha sido una buena compra , es un procesador rapido y efeciente en las tareas multimedia
i purchased this as an extra phone so i could access both phone lines on the second floor of my house . well-built with hold and 3-way conferencing features , sound quality is good and it has selectable ring levels for each line . powered from the phone line , no external power is used . one drawback : the line indicator does n't light when the line is being used by other phones in the house .
after reading several reviews of this product i was skeptical about buying this cable . i wanted a better cable then the composite rca cables that came with my ps2 but i was not sure about paying the price for these when the sony cables are about half the cost of the monster cables . the reviewers commenting on the cable not fitting into the ps2 properly and the component connectors being too tight to fit onto the tv almost discouraged me from even buying this product . i decided to bite the bullet and purchase these cables for my ps2 . i am very happy that i decided to buy these cables . the cable connector fits perfectly into my ps2 , better than the connector on my original sony cables even . the connectors fit nicely onto my tv , they are snug but not too tight . i believe they fit snuggly onto the component jacks on my tv because of the 8-cut turbine connector , which fits better than a standard rca plug . the video and audio from my ps2 is unbelievable . my ps2 pushes the video signal to my 32 '' lcd hd tv at 480i with these cables . with my stock composite cables the graphics in my games were grainy and sometimes blurry . now the graphics are crisp and clear and i only wish i would have bought these sooner . the display from my ps2 and games fits nicely onto my tv in widescreen now too , before the picture was not centered on my tv and sometimes parts of my game screens would be off the screen . i would recommend these cables to anyone who wants to improve the video and sound quality of their ps2 over the stock sony cables . there are other monster cable versions for the ps2 available so choose the one that is right for you , but if you want something that is moderately priced , do n't need digital audio via fiber , and the next best thing to hdmi than this is the cable for you . i am going to get the monster component cables for my ps3 next so i will be able to hook it up when i do n't have hdmi available for it to use.one more thought , be sure to change the video output on your ps2 from rgb to y cb/pb cr/pr in the system configuration before hooking up your ps2 with these cables or it may not work . my tv told me the connection was not supported and i did not have video output until i changed the video output setting on my ps2
i wanted something to use while mowing the lawn without emptying my bank account . cuts the lawnmower noise to a tolerable level , and the sound quality is decent . headphones are comfortable and adjust easily . unit collapses down to a more manageable size for transportation . good battery life
yep everything is very cool ... clarity ... etc..but they should do something about clipping in the head of laptop..it is just dancing while i keep it on laptop .
recently bought this receiver to replace a dead one . there is n't really anything special about this receiver , but it a solid one . the two year warranty tells me they stand by their product , in case of a problem ( hopefully i wo n't need to use the warranty ) . it gives good , clean power and sound . do n't let the 75w/channel fool you . this is a high current receiver and it has a good amount of power . time will tell , however , how well this receiver performs . also , for the price amazon was selling for , i could n't pass it up .
unit installed in seconds with no false starts or headaches of any kind . the base is wide and heavy and when placed on a mouse pad does n't move around at all , even when i get a little too `` into '' my flight sim games . one ca n't beat the price either . for flying prop planes , i am very saisfied with the performance
first time i 've ever written a review . i 'm not a high tech type , and sometimes it 's nothing but frustration for me to deal with high tech stuff . this remote was a breeze to program , and works fantastic . my wife and daughter are even less high tech and love it . any problems with use , just press `` help '' and the remote with ask you questions and correct the problem . highly recommended
i bought this cd player to use in my car and it has worked beautifully ! when you consider what a fine cd player it is , and the incredibly low price , it is most certainly a best buy !
plenty of room for my creative zen nano player , ear buds and spare battery . i only wish for something other than black ! it is easy to misplace
works as advertised and works really well . i purchased it to provide a serial port for a virtual windows machine running inside mac os x. i used to have issues with other products , but not this one .
this cartridge is very light , easy to install and allows the printer to print out very good quality , durable black ink on the page . it is competitively priced and stores for about a year after you buy it so if you want to stock up for your office or personal printing needs that 's great ! ( it even comes with an expiration date ! ) hp also packs it well so that it is difficult for the cartridge to become damaged during transit . one thing that i did n't like , however , is that the ink can go quickly . if you print a lot , you might even need to replace this cartridge every ten days or so . my needs are about 20 pages per week and i have to change the cartridge roughly every five to six weeks . that 's not good ; although to be fair to this hp ink cartridge i am printing graphics . four stars ( well , maybe three and one half stars ) for being great ink in an easy to manage and install cartridge . it loses points for not lasting longer .
needed the adapter to charge my shuffle , since the ac adapter i have is one of those older apple ones with the firewire connector . suits my needs perfectly.no experience with any sound docks , however , so i ca n't comment on the performance flaws other people have brought up
great headphones for running ! they fit my ears perfectly and i do n't have to worry about foam anymore .
plugged right in and worked like a charm . no software to configure . great buy . great product
portable , easy to use with any chip and really nice pix . i love being able to print from digital files on my ipod
i 've been struggling with heat issues for quite some time with my gaming pc and have gone through numerous fans and combinations trying to find a way to keep it cool . i had just about resigned myself to just running with the case open all the time until i bought this . after shuffling my pci cards around so as to allow a space between this and my 6800 ultra i fired the machine up ( and closed the case ! ; - ) and did some gaming , all the while keeping an eye on the temperature of the card . this fan easily dropped the temperature on the card 5-7 degrees celsius when the graphics are running full bore.. once the chaos on the screen starts to subside , the cooling is even better . as an added bonus , this will cool the card down quick once you exit your game . i thought for sure that i would have to trade off cooling for a lot more noise and i was surprised to find that i had to listen for it in order to hear it . about the only complaint i have on this is that the fan speed is manual with a slider on the back ( which i knew when i bought it ) so it is not temperature sensitive . still deserves 5 stars though
just purchased earbuds at target . excellent sound quality , expected that much due to a previous of full headphones . even better once you find the right adjustable tip to fit your ear . well worth my 100 dollars , granted , i 've only had them 5 to 10 minutes , but i wo n't be returning them any time soon
bought it for my wife and she loves it . it keeps track of where you were and restarts from there . the display is small ( no fancy menus like ipod ) but works well . sound is excellent.be sure to install the drivers and software . the software is small , simple and easy to use - or you can just copy/paste files onto it.if you do n't install the drivers it only works at usb 1.1 speeds and takes a lot longer to load songs . with drivers you get full 2.0 speeds
i 've never had a problem with these dvds . they burn and play perfectly and i 've never had a problem printing on them . what 's particularly nice about these is the printable area goes all the way to the hole . it does n't sound like a big deal but it makes for nicer looking dvds . by the way , i use an epson stylus photo r300 to print great photos and dvds
this bluetooth remote device works as advertized with my apple notebook . be sure to insert the bluetooth card all the way into the printer slot before you begin . i thought mine was in far enough at first , but it really was n't . one caveat : i was hoping that the bluetooth signal would be strong enough to enable printing from the next room , but it 's not . also new users should know that they can set up their computer to handle both bluetooth and cable at the same time
works well for my mac and bt enabled sony ericsson phone . other than the built in drivers for the printer in mac osx , support for options within the card and printer are non-existant . still cant figure out how to manually force a realignment of the cartridges..
length of ownership : 8 weeksthis puppy really reaches out . my laptop 's internal intel/pro wireless sees about 6 networks but with the hawking dish a typical haul is 20 networks . thanks to some friendly neighbors i 've said goodbye to my paid isp and now enjoy casual and free internet connections , and until metrofi completes its set up of free city-wide wifi i 'll get by with that thanks to this neat hawking device.unless i need the next and more expensive step up for such wifi booster devices i hope the hawking dish proves durable..after all it 's been just 2 months of ownership so far , albeit good ones.note : for me this device has not seemed very directional in that it will pick up off-beam signals fairly well . also , placement by a window will help your reception
i purchased the hawking hwu8dd on the recommendation of several other rvers . wifi signals at rv parks tend to be unreliable . until now , the built-in antenna on my laptop could `` see '' the signal at my park but could not access it . as soon as i installed the software and connected the hawking antenna via usb port , i immediately accessed my campground 's signal . the hawking antenna has solved a major problem for me .
these were double the price on another site ! my little girl loves these speakers ! she is using them with her pc.my only complaint and it 's my complaint and not my lil girl 's ... is that the sound quality is poor . obviously , not the speakers to get for real sound quality ... but kids love them
my doctor recommended getting a wrist support when using my computer because i had previous carpal tunnel surgery.ilove the way it comforts the wrist.the gel inside is different than other gel pads i had in the past.it really does give great support and comfort.it can prevent future problems for your wrist.iam glad amazon carries it
this product with the assoicated software ( included ) is everything you hope it is but really do n't believe it will be . the x-ray glasses you saw advertized in the back of the comic book when you were a kid cost you $ 1.50 to learn a lesson why you should be skeptical . the garmin is the real deal . i bought it for my son ( a high school state ( indiana ) level miler ) . when he took off for his first workout and got home an hour later , he uploaded his entire workout onto the computer and low and behold his whole course with speeds , times , street names , etc. , showed up on our computer , starting with the satallite photograph of our patio ! ! ! !
i just made a long trip from miami , florida , all the way to s. carolina , with a explorist xl loaded with directroute v3 , everything worked just fine , i installed the software , unlock it , upload the maps , all with out any problems , the unit was very fast and accuracy did n't need to keep it over the dashboard , from inside the vehicle worked very well , never took more than a minute to track all satellites , the street route where very accurate , never got lost , working with poi 's was very simple , did n't have any problem handling very large maps i really recommend this unit
i gave my mother-in-law my old color sportrack so she could start geocaching . i was in search of a handheld unit with a bigger brighter screen . this unit is it . although it is large , it has features i like : aa batteries ( 19 hours ? , we 'll see ) , easy menu navigation , usb connection to a pc and a rugged case.i am an engineer so am kind of picky about user interfaces , etc . i have sent in a list of problems i have found with the menu navigation . all of them can be worked around , but it does n't work the way i think they intended . it will be interesting to see if magellan gets back to me and eventually provides a new version of fw ( i am using 1.05 ) .after doing a lot of research about megllan sw ( mostly negative ) , i decided to go ahead and purchase the mapsend directroute v.3 dvd . i found it acceptable and have had no real problems using it . one nit , the files it creates are very small . you need to edit a text file in the magellan directoy to allow it to save and download larger files . but once you get the maps downloaded to your unit ( very straight forward ) , the menus change to indicate turning direction . thus , it is getting closer to a crossover unit . interestingly , magellan will offer a new unit called the `` crossover '' ( available january 2007 ) . the specs are pretty sparse on the magellan web page
does the job nicely . i am not an audiophile so i dont get into the nit picking when it comes to speaker wire . just tell me what gauge to use and i do it . seemed high quality to me
this bag is very good . the outside phone jack is a plus . the only negative - hard to access the other dvd 's when in use
arrived on time and is perfect for using headphones and speakers at the same time .
i also purchased this product because of the quality of the receiver made by sony . this 7.1 channel home theater with hdmi passthrough is a great machine that money can buy . if you are looking for quality , surround sound in your livingroom , or your own home theater , this s the product you should invest in . this is a great investment for me . i am glad i found it in amazon
the lexar jumpdrive lightning 2gb flash drive has very impressive performance ratings of 160x ( 24mb/sec ) sustained read and 120x ( 18mb/sec ) sustained write speed capability . this is one of the very few usb drives that lists the read/write speed capabilities.the `` reality '' of flash drives is that the smaller the file size , the slower the transfer rate will be.i ran some tests with the lightning to see what the transfer rate and the elapsed time is for groups of various file sizes : * 433mb 784 medium files , avg . 550kb 12x 4 min . 3 sec . * 483mb 81 large files , avg . 6mb 54x 59 seconds * 1gb 1 very large file 115x 58 secondsso , even though the write speed capability of the lightning is 120x , the transfer rate drops to 12x with medium size files , which is fairly `` real-world '' usage . but , do n't let that dissuade you from considering the lightning : the higher the `` speed capability '' of the device , the better the transfer rate will be and the less time it will take to transfer those smaller files . to prove this point , i took one of my `` great deal '' cf cards ( that had no speed ratings ) that tops out at 36x read / 7x write , and ran two of the same tests : * 433mb 784 medium files 3x 15 min . 10 sec . * 483mb 81 large files 7x 7 min . 48 sec.so , compared to the lightning , the `` great deal ! '' card took nearly 4 times longer to write the medium files and 8 times longer to write the large files . so , which is the better deal when you use the device over and over and over ... whether you are shopping for a card or a stick for digital cameras or a usb flash drive , if the performance numbers are not specified , beware ! what you might think is a great deal may get you a device with very poor performance that you will regret purchasing . i know , i have several in my drawer.so , my bottom-line advice is : look for the highest-rated device you can find . flash devices will last a looong time and our file sizes and amount of data will only grow ! so `` future-proof '' your purchase by shopping for a high-rated and large capacity for now and the future . ( i have no relationship with lexar or the flash memory industry .
this is a solid device , and i like the included software for burningb dvd as well as c
i have n't had any problems using this dvd/cd burner over firewire on a g4 imac running mac osx tiger . in fact , setting the drive up was easier than what was recommended in the manual ; it was truly plug-and-play.minor quibbles : the open/close button is hard to reach when the disc tray is extended , the black plastic face of the drive looks cheesy compared to the cool aluminum case , and only the lite version of toast 6 is included.bottom line : i would buy this burner again , given my experiences using it
the product works great . what i did n't like was not having the attachment to charge the battery in my home . it only came with the cigarette lighter power source . i had to purchase the other power source seperately . i also had purchased the 3000 model previously and it came with both power sources . why is that
the cam is good ... it has a special feature to show the person/object by automatic adjustment ... and a very good part abt it is , it has a built in mike and helps a lot..
bought these stands after much research , was looking for a good stand at a fair price . these serve the purpose . great stand , great price .
i bought this sd card and took some 100 snaps out of it.the card is really fast with my canon a510 camera.reading takes a slightly longer time than writing.i would recommend this card to anyone.actually this card outperforms the 16mb mmc supplied with the camera.also the 256mb card will hold upto 200 ( may be lesser ) 3.2mp pictures .
i purchased this card a month ago . i use it on my dell axim x3i . so far it has been fully compatible , fast , and flawless . i have n't owned another pda or sd card so i ca n't give you a first-hand benchmark . but i can say that accessing the card is quick and i have not had any skips while playing my music files . the 256mb is good for the price if you wait for amazon to drop their price in conjunction with the manufacturer 's rebate
i got my replacement battery and put into the computer . the date started working whenever the computer is off and i have n't had any problems
the klipsch igroove can go toe to toe with the more expensive bose sound wave all day long . i researched dockable ipod / mp3 players for a few months before i decided on this one for my wife 's office . i 'm fussy when it comes to quality audio equipment , the i-grove does not disappoint . it provides room filling sound with no distorion . i listened to it extensively before wrapping it up for xmas to make sure it had the quality i insist on . it delivered.another bonus with the klipsch is it 's ability to accomodate other mp3 players and / or personal compact disc players.i 'm completely satisfied with my purchase of the klipsch i-groove .
i 'm sure these earphones work and sound fine but i was looking for something softer/smaller for my apparently small earholes . :
i bought one for a relative last christmas . saw how convenient and easy it was to program . so i bought one for myself this march . it works just great.the setup software programs the 670 easily and the logitech remote replaces the remotes for a hdtv , a dvd home theater a/v receiver , a dishhd dvr receiver , and a psyclone psc01 source selector . one button click now setups all those devices to the right status for a particular entertainment activity . i like the color screens and icons on the higher end logitech remotes .. but the discrete placement of buttons on the 670 is much more practical for me to use . function wins forms this time round.all is not rosy though . added the sony ps3 to the entertainment arena . the bluetooth requirements of the ps3 leaves it out of the ir rf remotes inner circle . consider this if you need a combined solution for infra red rf as well as bluetooth devices . ( the sony ps3 is deliberately left powered on so it is not an issue in this case ) . fully backlit is a signifcant bonus..none of the replaced remotes had adequate backlit features . short version : this cool tool really works and should satisfy most . think `` out of the box '' though if you have a sony ps3 tied into your entertainment network . ..click
my wife and i have maybe a dozen or so devices connected via wifi spread throughout our four-bedroom home . among these were an avaya 4610sw sip ( voip ) phone and a pc serving as an asterisk server ( asterisk is an open source pbx ) . this configuration has worked well for a couple of years now . in the past few months i 've been having occasional disconnects of voip calls coming in to asterisk from the pstn . after some investigation , i decided to move my phone and server off wifi and onto a homeplug network , using the electrical wiring as another ethernet . the hardest part of the installation was freeing up an electrical outlet in my second-floor office where my phone is , in the basement where the server is , and in the family room on the first floor where the linksys wifi router/access point is located . after that , it was just a matter of plugging in an ethernet cable from the netgear box to the router , and moving the ethernet cables from the wifi boxes for the phone and server to the netgear boxes . it was that simple . [ ... ] i wish all high-tech equipment were this easy to install
i purchased this for my teenager to use with her ipod nano . i shopped around for a while before i finally decided on this one because it came with losts of accesories and she uses it everyday all the time and says it works perfectly . i 've only had it for a month but it 's holding up in the hands to a teen and no complaints so far .
we love the card scanner , it 's the best . everyone who is a recruiter should have one it saves time and space
i have , and have had , lots of sw radios including a number of sonys . this is one of their many gems . great perfomance , lots of memories and snazzy look . good for travel ( certainly not as compact as the sw100 , of course ) . a great radio to consider if you only want one shortwave radio , and do n't want to spend very much . good for listening , and good for dxing while traveling . look no further
good job making a sturdy case that does not add too much bulk to a very thin device . my major fear was that this would make my 1955 too thick and i would not use it . it is just right and great protection for my 1955 - by the way i replaced a 4150 with this 1955 and case because my daughter accidently sat on my 4150 and broke the screen . it is a great piece of protection
i bought this phone and three expansion handsets about a year ago and could n't be happier . the phones have the clarity of a corded phone . the built in intercom system is perfect . the phones allow you to `` name '' the handsets as we did ( kitchen , basement , bedroom , etc ) so you can page based on location rather than remembering numbers . they have a reliable and effective speakerphone built in , as well as jacks for headset ( though the speakerphone seems to make this unnecessary.one problem with these phones is the batteries . in the year that we have had them , the battery life on all of the phones has degraded severely . often my wife would be on conference calls for one to two hours , and we would go through all four phones . leave a phone off the charger and in a day it 's useless . the only solution was to replace the batteries ( which was significantly cheaper and easier than buying new phones and re-programming all the phone numbers ) . i recommend the energizer er-p240 , which is a nickel-metal hydride battery and wo n't develop the ni-cad memory effect.i love that the base station has a place for 4 aaa batteries so that the system can still be used during a power outage
what can i say , it 's an ink cartridge . you get a lot of pages out of it , its great quality , and thats about it
i ca n't describe this mp3 with words `` great '' it 's more than great.it fits my pocket , and it 's music quality is great.my sister and i bought this incredible mp3 with doubts but , it is more than great.if somebody is considering buying an mp3 , i strongly recommend to buy this iriver.thank you , thank you , thank you
these speakers can almost hit any range of sound , but if anything they are a little weak on the bass side . they put out very crisp sound for my system . you might want to add a sub to them for complete range sound
if you 're looking at this page you probably already know a lot about hp calculators . chances are you either had a 32sii and do n't want to go the ebay route or wan na slim down from that 48/49 series because you do n't really need that extra functionality . is the 33s perfect ? no , not by a long ways , but it 's the best thing we 've got . if you want a new scientific rpn calculator this is it .
this battery will transform your epson picturemate deluxe viewer edition from a nifty little photo printer into an absolute must have item ! i take it with me when ever i 'm doing an off-site photo shoot , or even when i 'm out for a weekend shooting candids . the portability you get by adding this battery to the printer is priceless . i have printed as many as 40 photos on one charge .
not so many words to talk about this item , but let me tell you that now i always use my rino turned on , in my car . baterie drain its no more cash pain ! **good things : -comes with a led ( small light ) that turns on with diferent colors ( red green yellow ) so you could know if your rino its turned on or of or disconected.-large cable ( for a car , you could use youre rino in the back seat even conected in the front of the car ) **bad thingsjust a bad ending quality , it looks like a adapter of 2.99bucks , but i had owned it for more than a year and cero problems.pvpaco @ gmail.co
i have had this item for about 6 weeks . have n't used to a lot , but so far i like it . this power inverter is smaller and looks nicer than my old one , which was stolen out of my car along with a few other things.it has one electrical outlet , and above that is a cigarette lighter outlet , so if you have other devices that need that kind outlet you can use them while this power inverter is plugged in . the plug fits kind of loosely in my cigarette lighter outlet , but i do n't know if that 's the plug or the outlet on my car . the only thing i do n't like about this item is the `` no tangle '' cord . its one of those coiled up cords , like a telephone cord ( look at the picture of the item ) . the cord is long enough that it could stretch to the backseat , but if i were to try this it would pull the plug out of the outlet . its coiled so tight that i could n't really put it anywhere that would require the coil to be stretched . it just annoys me that they call it a 36 '' cord . for practical use not more than probably 18 '' , but i do n't have the item right in front of me to measure it.i 'll still give this item 5 stars . 4.5 if amazon allowed 1/2 stars .
how often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the century . nobody is moving and you can tell it 's going to be a while . it would make sense to brush up on those reports or your presentation while you 're stuck , but who wants to eat up the battery on their laptop right before a presentation ? this inverter allows you to plug in your laptop into your car - just like a wall outlet - no worries , work off your car 's alternator instead of your battery and catch all your typos before you get to your appointment
it was up and running in 15 minutes . had to order wifi adapter to get program updates - got it and it installed automatically . i would buy it again
this might be the best thing apple has ever made , it works perfectly with my mac book pro and my pcs . the security is awsome and it has great range with easy instalation . after many flaws with my lynksys , i took the risk with this and it was worth it . i have never had a problem with this
seems sturdy , however , it did not fit my tv . will not fit samsung lns 4692d
i bought this for my new sony ericson w300i phone so that i could actually put some music on the phone . it came with a ms pro adapter which is nice because i have a slot on my computer for that . it is fast and just what i wanted
this thing is selling in the best buy with $ 53.33 + tax . i bought that in here for under $ 40 with free super saver shipping in jan . it 's working very well until now with my sonyericsson k800i
which was nomadland . the bono-pod is beautiful . however the inconsistency of the ipod itself is a nightmare . i 've had it just over a month now and it has started to randomly skip songs . it 's apparently a known problem with several models of the device , with no particular fix . great .
this is an exact replacement for the high quality , precision made suction cup mount that comes packaged with the nuvi unit . unlike many such suction cup products , this one sticks . i bought an extra for ease in `` cross-decking '' my one nuvi unit between my two cars . i just leave the mounts in place on the windshields of both cars and move the nuvi and power cord to whichever car i am using at the moment . a good convenience . note that i attach this mount to the windshield . i have not tried the red-disc mounting plate that allows the mount to be attached to a pebbly-textured dashboard ... i was scared off by the warning that ones you attach the red disk it is extremely hard to remove .
this has been an excellent purchase . well worth the price . excellent color and clarity
it was great that the nikon d8 purchase included a sandisk micromate with usb connection
as of 2007 most of the bugs mentioned in the other reviews are fixed . the ipod fits snug as a bug in my unit and it even charges it.youu can even find this as low as $ 140 or chaper . im not sure why the bad reviews.this is a wonderful dvd player and the newer one i got even plays your ipod through your tv if you want..older versions did not allow this . you should buy this.the video quality isnt great , but good , thats why i gave it four stars instead of five it is bulky but you need room for the ipod to plug in . the only bad side is no ipod naviation from the menu . you must use the ipod itself..but being able to play your ipod and dvd through any tv with rca jacks ( audio/video ) is great..i can now backup my purchased ipod items to dvd since i have an eyetv250 which allows you to use your computer as a tv . the eyetv has rca jacks on the device which allows me to record it to my harddrive which i then use toast to burn my dvd..all in all its completely worth it . even as a stand alone dvd player it 's great..never had the first proble
this router functions great in the household environment . it is very easy to install and security is equally as easy to set .
this keyboard is the best i 've ever used . the backlight is excellent and the keys just have that unique touch that just soothes your fingers . great and cool design . i recommend this keyboard all the way ! im typing on it right now by the way .
what can i say , i got a code at chrismas time through the amazon promotion and got this tv for $ 200 . it 's perfect for a master bedroom set and the picture is great . why spend so much more than the regular amazon price for a more expensive brand when you can get this tv ? no problems and it works wonderfully ! great deal , with free shipping even ! time and again , amazon is great
i purchase this on amazon for $ 499 no tax & free shipping . you can not match this quality at this price . the hd with hdmi cable using comcast digital box is outstanding . the sound is also better with the hdmi vs componet cables . the jacks are hard to connect in the back of the set and you need to set the picture to manuel mode . the picture is to red on the preset modes and looks like there is too much color . i looked at samsung for $ 800 and i am glad i saved myself $ 300 with this lcd
i use an i-pod mini in my car . it is in the center console where it connects to the auxillary input . i used to have to open the console to make changes or turn it on or off . the air click allows me to do all of that with the remote that i leave in a tray outside the console . it works just as it is supposed to with no problems at all . it solved my problem and i am a very satisfied customer .
i have my ipod hooked up to the stereo on my motorcycle . the ipod stays tucked away in a safe place , and the remote gets strapped to the handlebar . all the needed functions are now at my fingertips . i can lock the ipod control pad , so it does n't accidentally get bumped.i also use the griffin fm transmitter . nice , but not nearly as slick as the remote . i ca n't use them both at the same time , but i do n't need to
this one of those products your girlfriend wonders why you are wasting your money on , that turns out to make life so much easier . it has allowed me to leave my ipod in my backpack on my way to work , and go through security to get into work , all without having to open my bag . the remote has a velcro strap that i use to attach to the shoulder strap of my back pack . i am able to start and stop tunes and change the volume without needing to pull the ipod out . my only complaint was that the headphone jack should have a strap or something to help keep the headphones in all the way and the device could also have a strap . as the device is made for active people it would be nice to know that everything would stay connected , because when things do come undone , you do have to open your bag and put it all back together and that defeats the point of having the air click .
this was a great buy , item was as described . a++++++++++
the item works as i expected . i received within the tiem offered by the seller . i 'll buy again from this merchant
after having my gps come loose ( barrel pin failure ) on more than one occasion i decided to give this a try . i 've now used this on a 2 month mtb tour of nepal and tibet . held my forerunner 301 securely on hundreds of miles of washboard , technical singletrack , etc . also withstood countless grabby children and curious bystanders in numerous villages . you do not have to remove the wrist band to use it with the mount . i love the reassuring `` snap '' when it locks into the mount , and the wrist strap functions as a safety back up - although it never came loose from the mount on me . convenient release allows you to remove it quickly and easily . my only very minor complaint is you have to remove the gps from the mount to charge it.it fit perfectly on my 1 '' ( 25.6mm ) diameter bars.like it so much i just ordered the `` oversize '' mount for my motorcycle .
very good product . you do need to use help menue for instructions because the paperwork that comes with it does n't tell you a lot.overall i 'm having fun using this product
i bought this in lieu of the fuji counterpart which was out of stock in amazon . since the fuji finepix e900 runs on aa batteries and its ac powercord/supply is an option one has to buy , this reader is a cheap , quick and even more portable alternative for downloading pix to my mac
i 'd been using wireless for gaming for the past 3 months and always had lag problems even if the latency said it was around 50 . i got the set of these and they work awesome . just plug one into an outlet next to your pc and one next to your router . run the cat5 cables from one to the pc and one to the router and you are all set . now i can do my gaming without the lag i got from wireless and have yet to have any problem with these . these are truly plug and play . now if only they were a little cheaper
i purchased the lj3390 to replace an existing lj3320 . the $ 350 rebate available until the end of oct was the deciding factor as it made the unit a very reasonable purchase.my main interest in the upgrade was to purchase a network connected printer . duplex print capability was the other factor that tipped the scale in favour of the lj3390 over the lj3052.i now have 3 desktop and 2 laptop printers all printing successfully . all run xp sp2 and are either connected via a wired or wireless network connection . software installation went flawlessly.while i ca n't comment about hp versus other vendor software , i can say that the lj3390 software is a major improvement over that of my lj3320 . scanning is faster by at least a factor of 2x , quite likely more like 3-4x . printing of complex pages is also much faster , exactly what i would expect from a newer generation print engine and an hp laserjet printer.all in all i am very pleased that i upgraded . it has met all my upgrade goals . printing is faster , scanning is much faster . the network connectivity ensures anyone can print without another machine being forced to be a print server and constantly left on . i have n't played with the fax side yet , but am hoping this finally let 's me retire my trusty standalone fax machine .
mvsv3 gives excellent color with a vivirant and vivid feel . deffinently a high porformence wire in its class , and worth the buy
this unit is battery powered and mine arrived with a dead battery , however , replacing that was quick and easy although irritating . after installation and use for a while , i noticed the unit also got rid of some direct dialed calls as well as computer generated calls . if you do n't speak immediately after pickup , the telemarketer hears the tone and hangs up ! great item..
i bought the telezapper from john whitaker and it was delivered in 3ays . it did n't work so i contacted john and he told me to return it and he would test and if it did n't work he would send me a new one . he was good to his word and promptly send sent one that worked . he 's the best : ) ben . rodrigue
works as it should . it 's enough for my needs and handles simultaneous activity on all ports well . not an unbearable dropoff in performance while say , transferring huge files to an external hard drive , while burning a dvd , and fiddling with the ipod . if you 're like me and you need your laptop to do a little more without adding to desk clutter uneccesarily , this should suit you fine
this product is simple to use and has all of the functionality i need while presenting
got 3 of them a few months ago , and buying another one now . excellent product , fits many different plug types . no flaws .
i agree with max . do n't use those inferior cables that come with your dvd player . i just bought a dvd player and immediately got these monster cables to connect between the tv and dvd . image quality is the best i can get on my 20 '' tv , really cool
i received this product from an amazon.com seller for 1/2 the price of what best buy was selling it for . it was new and in an unopened box . upon opening the box i was able to tell right away that it was built very good . the hinges for the outer antenna sections are very sturdy and once locked in the open position were not going anywhere . i had spent over $ 300 for a runco antenna for my runco projector for local hd ( directv does not have local hd in my area ) and even with perfect mounting position outside was only getting at best 80 % reception with it . this antenna with a similar design the the runco model is built better and i get between 94-98 % reception depending on the channel ( directional antenna so reception varies slightly ) . i was also amazed with the fact that i not only get local channels for youngstown ohio , but i also get locals with over 60 % reception from cleveland ( direction antenna is facing ) but also pittsburgh ( which is on opposite side of house about 60 miles away and in opposite direction antenna is facing ) . great product and no issues with it so far . the included booster works better than the one built into my directv receiver , so i advise hooking antenna up straight to your ant in on the back of your projector ( if it has a built in hd tuner ) or tv for best results
i 've had mine for 10 months now and it 's been very reliable ; not one problem with it . it 's quick to print out the first page , the display is a monochrome lcd with a backlight so you can see in dark spaces ( say , if you keep it under a counter ) , no paper jams , no nonsense . also , if you 're an apple owner the drivers are already included with os x ; truly plug n print . what 's a real treat is to combine it with an apple airport express and use apple 's bonjour software to easily convert it to a wireless network printer . bonjour is available for both os x and windows computers , and is a breeze to install . i highly recommend if you 're in the market for a multifuntion monochrome laser printer machine that is compatible with both windows and mac os
i bought this for my daughters sansa e230 mp3 player and could not be more satisfied . i was leary of the price , but this unit is worth every penny . recharges your player and has awesome sound for the size , while plugged in or with batteries . no regrets about this purchase
the reception is much better than my old antenna , however , i was expecting instructions to be included with the antenna . after some time i figured out how to hook up the tv and vcr to the antenna
i am quiet satisfied with the t10 . 3 cons : no reset button , aa battery type ( i prefer litium ion ) , primitive menu.3 pros : mp3 + voice record + fm radiogood sound qualitybelt clipoverall success : 80 %
i owned a bose wave radio for a number of years . the price was well beyond my financial means , but i made the sacrifice , and i 'm very glad i did . the sound defied belief , and i was very pleased . you will be , too . forget the detractors herein . they know nothing , like the `` reviewer '' who listened to am radio . if the sound of frying eggs is appealing to you , then , any radio will suffice . but if a clear sound is what you 're going for , then go buy a bose wave radio ! you 'll be glad you did . i know that i am
bought this to convert pal hi-8 ( canon ) purchased years ago in singapore for mac ( powerbook g4 , tiger os-x ) nonlinear editing . worked perfectly the first time , only needed to set a single switch to select pal . no need for software drivers etc . happily plugged and played with the mac and the camcorder.acceptable price for the features and ease of use .
installation time was only about 20 min . hook up the digital and analog cables , and it configures itself . it took me a while to decide which resolution to use that was best for me , but once i found it , i was really pleased with the size and clarity . music composition is much easier with the big screen . one small con was the stand is not adjustable , but it fit perfectly into my office space , so i did n't need the adjustment . the video quality on this lcd is amazing.ronnie be
after enduring the so-so performance of my stock ipod headphones , i figured it was time to step up . as i travel constantly , i wanted something that would would block out exterior noise ; as a music freak i wanted something that would sound great . after countless hours of research and even more time debating on what brand of headphones to get ( ue vs. shure vs. etymotics ) i bought the super.fi 5 pros . in the end it was the price , amazon was selling then for $ 90 less than the msrp . ca n't beat that.as soon as they were delivered i hooked them up and put them on . they are n't kidding when they tell you to turn your audio device way down . i keep the volume on my ipod way down , a fraction of what i kept it at with the stock headphones . the room i was in faces a major road and we had the windows wide open , so to say there was plenty of ambient noise would be an understatement . with the ues on , it was just me and the music . a fire engine thundered by , normally a painfully annoying experience . again , the ues reduced it to the point that i did n't realize the fire engine was coming until i saw it drive by.as for the music . i first played a couple of tracks by jenny lewis and the watson twins . i immediately noticed elements to the music i never even heard with my other headphones . jenny lewis ' angelic voice came through so beautifully clear it was like i was listening to them for the first time . next i put on some ray charles . with the ues , it was like i was there in the front row . the horn section nearly kicked me out of me chair while i discovered that there was indeed a woodwind section . i 've read complaints that in ear headphones do n't produce enough bass , so i decided to see for myself and played a couple of tracks from siamese twin by the smashing pumpkins . while i 'm not by any means a bass head , i need some bass to enjoy rock albums . i could n't have been happier with how the ues performed . the drums in the album ( which i 've always considered some of the best ) came alive . the guitars actually had some balls , but did n't overpower the singing or drums.as is the case when you stick things in your ears for a period of time , your ears are bound to hurt a little . i found this to be the case only for a day or two , after that the ues fit snugly without any complaint . the only weird thing i encountered had to do with ear wax . my wife , an audiologist , forbids the family from using q-tips . so after taking the ues off for the first couple of times , there was a nice deposit left on the tips of the headphones . like the discomfort , this earwax experience only lasted for the first couple of times i used the ues , and with the supplied earwax cleaner it was really a non issue.when there are so many excellent products out there , finding the perfect headphones becomes extremely challenging . i 've never tried on shures or etymotics , so i ca n't compare the performance of those headphones and the ues . what i do know is that i got a really great deal on the best headphones i 've ever had . without a doubt these are the last pair of headphones i will buy for some time .
after looking at $ 250.00 mounts , i was unsure about order at this low price . this is a great , well built unit . i would have no problem puttinga 130 lb . unit on it if you follow the enclosed instructions . hardware for most walls included . well painted with no rough edges . mine was installed over wall board into wood studs . i used the awl to make sure i hit the studs dead center . delivery from new york to sarasota , fl . was 5 days . ca n't bet that
basically , this backpack is all that i need in a back pack . very well padded , very roomy , fits an hp pavillion dv8000 17 '' laptop . its very attractive and after a month on use shows no signs of ware and tear . definately worth the $ . unlike my previous packpacks the straps adjust so quickly and easily that i adjust them every time i put the pack on or take it off . great product ! ! !
i purchased the docking station for potability when on the beach , at the pool or camping.i had it going nonstop for 8.5 hours on the same set of batteries it was still going strong.i would by again
this is good for when you go on a trip you know it will keep your streetpilot going . and it is n't bulky . and it 's made with quality just like the streetpilot itself
it 's a decent mic for just a few bucks . it works adequately , and has an on/off switch , and an xlr connector.it comes with a xlr-to-1/4 cord . if you 're going to plug this mic into a mixer , be sure to get a xlr-to-xlr cord . the volume of the mic , when connected to a mono 1/4 jack with the included cable , was almost inaudible . with a xlr-to-xlr cord , it was at normal volume levels compared with other equipment
la instalacin del producto fue bastante simple , la configuracion y operacion tambien los son , solo he observado un problema con el control remoto , en ocasiones deja de funcionar , no controla el volumen ni cambia los caneles de cable , solo despues de oprimir el boton de apagado y luego de vilver a activarlo es que regresa la funcionalidad de los botones de control de volumen y selector de canales ; otra observacion en el funcionamiento es que al seleccionar en forma progresiva canales estos saltan al siguiente
never a better caluclator in existance.used it all thought calculus classes and computer science . it does everything . fast , smooth , pretty print flawlessly and more memory then a herd of elephants . even does 3d graphing excellently . spherical trig ? not a problem at all and fully graph it , slice it up and zoom in.also a few sites on hacking the ti-92 plus that you can google for anyone intrested
great buy for the money . four stars only because it is made out of about 3/8 '' mdf and could be sterdier . height is great for medium size bookshelf speaker tweaters to be at ear level while siting on the couch
use canon ink with you canon printer and you 'll have no problems , just excellent pictures
very good quality sound , loud ring , substantial weight ( not all cheap plastic with no heft ) . only con is that even on `` low '' the ringer is very loud
this is an awesome little device . let me start with the pros : 1 ) easy : incredibly easy setup ( literally press one button - never believed it , but it 's true . plug in the usb transmitter , press the blue button & voila . ) 2 ) good sound : for a small set of speakers , these things sound great . they are not going to compare to speakers hooked up to your rack stereo system , but sound very good and comparable to a $ 45 two-speaker set of monitor-side speakers . there 's a built in sub-woofer that helps as well . 3 ) wireless range : with 4 aa batteries , you can carry this little guy around your whole house - and outside your house . reception is great . i am used to bluetooth headsets that do n't really work much further than 10 feet from the phone - i had doubts about bluetooth speakers , but i am amazed with reception these guys have . 4 ) controls : the forward , reverse & pause buttons on the speaker work fine with both media player or yahoo music engine running on the laptop ( the only two i tried ) . again , i was surprised , but they worked flawlessly . 5 ) cool : as far as cool factor , this little guy is definitely that . cons : 1 ) no remote : it would be nice if there was a remote control for the unit that would allow you to control the sound , ff , rw , pause , play controls . 2 ) no control from pc : you ca n't control the sound ( or mute ) from the laptop - only from the speakers . 3 ) sound : above i said the sound was good - and it is considering the size of this system . however , these are small speakers and a mini-sub and the sound is thus somewhat small too . it 's good , but it 's not going to compare to a quality set of speakers hooked up to your rack stereo system . there is base but not a great deal - you definitely wo n't feel the music with these speakers . 4 ) volume : volume is limited - it 's enough to fill a mid-sized room , but not much more . for $ 100 , this is an outstanding little speaker system that does an amazing job with no wires . carry it to your kid 's room . to the garage . to the basement . no wires , nothing . if convenience is and portability is important to you , and if medium sound quality is ok , then i would highly recommend this speaker system . it 's great . personally , i 'm not sure if i 'm going to keep them because i would really like fuller sound ( this was an attempt at easy speakers for my living room ) and more base - but they 're so cool and convenient , that i doubt i 'll be able to give them up ! for other bluetooth ideas and wi-fi network options , see my post at the hydrogen audio forum : [ ... ]
i bought this for my wife . i have an iriver hp120 , which i consider to be one of the best ever made . i have to say , i think this is a great little player . the interface is well designed , the unit is well made , and the sound quality is excellent . i purchased a u2 about 1 year ago as a gift , which was also excellent . i think cowon is making some of the better mp3 players on the market now , and i would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a high quality unit
the parallel usb adapter worked just like it was supposed to . my problem was that the printer i was using it with was no longer supported in windows xp . so while the adapter turned out to be useless , i 'm keeping it for possible future use
i ordered this product and it arrived 2 days later . it is genuine canon ink for a great price . i will definitely buy at amazon.com again
i 've had canon printers using this cartridge for more than a year and wo n't settle for any of those knock-offs . yeah , they 're often much cheaper , but this is one area where you get what you pay for . brand x fades and does not perform as well in the inkjet system . this has been confirmed in independent lab tests in a leading pc magazine . i have had to install and remove countless cartridges and never spilled a drop . the pop-in , pop-out design could n't be easier
i 've owned and use the sony 256mb memory stick pro pictured ( in black ) , and currently also use a 1gb sony memory stick pro . i 've not had any problems with them , formatting or otherwise , over long periods of heavy use . ok , a little pricier than , say , sd cards , but a good quality product for sony digital cameras .
i have really bad luck with head sets ( i dropped a vise on my last set , really ) these are really well built headphones , it always seems to be the mic or the volume control that goes bad , but on this head set they are all separate so if any one goes out then you still have a good head set . they can get very loud and not crack , exceptional base , and mic is very very clear . they are light but feel solid , although i have not put them to the vise test they seem you be strong . i have very big ears that is one of the reasons i bought this head set , it is very comfortable . the only thing i do n't like is that they do not block very much sound because there are holes behind the ear cups , but maybe it help keep your ears cool , maybe . i really give them 4 1/2 stars . i paid about $ 90 for them and i have no regrets . so if you want a head set to use is a relatively quit environment these are good but if not go for the sony mdr-300/mdr-400 they do n't have mics but good headphones.hope this helped , good luck
the quality of this bag is just great the problem could be the very tiny front bag . it also has a small bag for the ac power cable and transformer but once you use it there is no place to put it comfortably considering a 15 '' laptop
this armband provides good protection to the nano via a skin that the nano slides into and a rigid clear protector that fits over the screen ( stays in place by pressure from the skin pressing down on rubberized edges of the protector ) . it works well for jogging and working out . the neoprene ( better than leather for sweaty workouts ) armband fits well on my upper arm ( 6 ' 200lb ) and seems pretty adjustable to other size arms . it is a bit awkward to silde the nano into the skin while keeping the screen protector in place . i first began sliding the nano into the armband mount but found that difficult to keep the screen protector in place so i now just clip it in which seems to work fine . it has tried to come loose from the armband a couple of times but i think this was due to not ensuring the nano was fully seated into the armband . i have only used the armband for about 3 weeks now and i am satisfied at this point , i am only giving 4 stars due to the screen protector being scuffed out of the package and there could have been better documentation included . also on another note , apple should have centered the hold button on the top of the nano because almost all protectors i have seen make it somewhat difficult to access the button and this one is no exception . the button is next to the upper left edge and any decent protector has to almost cover this area to work properly . all in all you will be satisfied with the armband and remember for the price your are getting a skin for everday protection of the nano and a good armband also so it 's a solid value .
i bought these for my zune after an exhaustive search for a good sounding , compact headphone for work and working out at the gym.if you are like me and ca n't stand all the earbuds out there , then you need to find another solution . i tried the premium zune buds at 40 bucks , and the bose quiet comfort buds at 100 bucks , but they just gave me earaches and i was always fiddling with them to keep them in my ear canal tight . i read countless reviews of this headphone and i can say this is the best sounding under $ 40 headphone out there that wo n't mess with your hair . ( yes , better than even the bose earbuds ! ) if you are only using the stock buds or phones with your mp3 player , be prepared to be blown away . tight , full bass range with smooth airy highs and mellow mids . you do n't have to crank them either , they sound rich even at lower volumes . but if you do crank them they do n't distort at all . if you have ever tried the bose quiet comforts at the stores , these sound very similar but with an open air design ! the only negative is the comfort . the little rubbery clips that go behind your ears take some getting used to and can hurt after 30 minutes or so . i think i 'll get used to it . i 'd much rather deal with a little discomfort on the outer ear vs. jamming an earbud in my ear and getting a sore ear canal ( which i had ) . that could lead to ear infections or other more serious ear problems.some other reviewers complained about the headband , but it sounds like they were not wearing these right . once on your noggin , the band needs rotated up toward you skull in the back till it touches your head . this keeps everything nice and tight and also gives the earclips more space and flexibilty which equals greater comfort . i do not think the headband is too tight , it has the perfect amount of tension to keep these in place.i might buy a pair of the px 100 's as well just for wearing around the house or lying in bed reading . the px 100 is the same exact phone in an `` over the head '' design . at $ 40 , i can afford to get both
when my cds started skipping i thought they has seen the last days of spinning , however this disc cleaner has solved all problems . you simply put the cd into the cleaner with the label side down . then , you spray the disc cleaner to the disc surface . you only apply one even spray of cleaner . then , you close the case and make sure the lid is totally closed . once you have cranked the movable part of the lid about 5 times , you can remove the disc and let it dry completely . most of the cleaner was absorbed into the cleaning pad after the recommended 5 rotations . i found that 8 or 9 rotations did the trick . the first time i used this cleaner i was a bit frustrated with it because i noticed little pieces of black foam all over my cds . apparently , there is a little piece of foam in the middle that looks like it belongs there and it seems glued down , but once i removed that piece of foam , all was go . this unit comes with one additional cleaning pad . i think if you are just using this to remove fingerprints , you wo n't have to replace the cleaning pads very often . handy gadget to prolong disc life and restore performance to contaminated disc surfaces . ~therebeccareview.com
i purchased 2 for my son and husband . both rumble and work perfectly with the racing games such as need for speed underground 2 , nascar 2003 and 2004 . some of the early games can not be used , but they still love it . the wheels actually feel like you are in a race car with realistic resistance . i recommend this item
it works ! the antenna isnt junk either , i am getting almost all the digital stations from chicago 25 miles from sears tower with it inside my house sitting on my desk . i also get many digital channels that happen to be on the comcast analog cable in my area ( chicagoland ) . problem is that all the analog stations on my comcast cable are untuneable , so i cant watch those on my mac . its not supposed to be a cable tuning box , just digital stuff , so its fine , i just thought it did that as well.next thing to do is get a bigger/better antenna mounted outside and cancel cable ( as i only watch a couple stations anyways ) .eyetv - works.cytv with it - works great ! make sure you go and donate to that opensource project
very easy to assemble , has very classic lines , lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation , hard to find add-on shelf in maple . holds a lot of equipment
the apple airport card - network adapter - airport 802.11b was a fabulous purchase . it did exactly what it was supposed to , was easy to install and test , worked immediately . the vendor that supplied the airport card was prompt , efficient , courteous , and careful in the packaging . very happy with the product
this card is great for the seamless apple look and feel ( and only option for internal in imac/ibook/pb ) but it is way overpriced now that it is out of production . there are other options . belkin f5d6050 usb b adapter has drivers for 9.2 and osx , several manufacturers ( e.g . certain belkin , linksys , microsoft ) pci cards have airport extreme chipsets ( broadcom ) on them that osx reads as a real airport xtreme card . you need to do your research and some cards have different chipsets in different revisions , but it is pretty easy overall - and you can save $ 100
i had been using my air conditioning vents to hold my xm radio and this was recommended to me through a friend . it 's super easy to install and works great . it does n't move or shake while driving and is adjustable height wise to fit most car setups . it was well worth the money and in the summer heat , i am glad i bought it and got my extra air conditioning vent back
nothing much to report . they were as advertised and fulfilled my need
the thing that seperates this dvd case from the rest is it 's center lock design . it 's secures the disc nicely without damaging it ... like i have had others do . worth the extra dough to have a quality product . ( now if only their memorex 's software was as good !
i purchased this usb light/fan combo mainly for the fan . i 'm one of those guys who is a human heater -- always a little warmer than everyone else . i use this fan when i 'm studying in the library , on the computer at a coffee shop or even at home using my laptop at the desk . it provides a nice little jet of air right at my face which makes me feel cooler all over . i can even direct it right in front of me and only the nose of the rotor head is visible because when the fan is running , of course , you can see right through the blades . the fan runs quietly too . i 've had a couple of times when the fan is making a bit of a noise or is n't running a quickly as normal . i just pop off the rotor head , adjust the blades a bit ( they are flexible vinyl and i give them a little twist and a crease to make them more rigid as they sometimes get bent in my carrying case ) , pop the rotor head back on and it 's good as new again . while i like this product a lot , i doubt with frequent use that it will last much more than a year but i still think it 's well worth it . my only regret is that i did n't order two or three of these for future back-ups if needed . the light works well too . it does not illuminate the entire keyboard but in a dark setting it does provide enough illumination for the typical user ( a hunt and peck typist may be frustrated but i think it may be enough light for that kind of visibility as well ) and definitely enough light to read from a book or hard copy document .
i travel overseas a lot for my job . this little power strip is compact and enables you to keep one adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your `` normal '' plugs for operating four devices . most monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money ( wires , cables , etc . ) but this gizmo rocks
the tapes are exactly what i had searched the web for . thanks to amaxon.com for listing the seler
the sony str-dg600 7.1 has worked as expected and is a high-quality system at a great price
i used to buy those cheap $ [ ... ] red laser pointers at gun shows and flea markets , just to have some fun , but the batteries did n't last long enough and the beam was n't bright at all , not to mention that it made more of an oval dot than round . i bought this one thinking that it would be really cool because it was green . i thought the high price tag was pushing it just for a little green dot , but it is much more than i thought it would be . the beam is clearly visible in the dark and you can even see the dot on the blackest street in the middle of a sunny day . the range is incredible and makes street signs reflect hreen shimmers ! i love it ! a much better buy than those crappy red ones , and the aaa batteries are easy to replace and last much longer
these ear buds provide a very good fit . they block out a lot of external noise . much better than my previous ear buds . the sound is clear with good bass . definitely worth the price
we used this remote to program a sony av-rm3000 remote , but we need more flexibility for our htpc . in hindsight , we should have bought a stand-alone ir unit and something like the girder software . or , maybe just an ir wireless keyboard.this is not a remote for those seeking flexibility , or those who like to customize their media experience . this is an excellent remote for those who want out-of-the-box usability , and do n't want to bother with customization . it 's well-built , and will be exactly what many mainstream users are looking for.pros : comfortable shape , sensible layout , high-quality feel , reasonably compatible with many programscons : does n't do absolutely everything in every compatible application , only four somewhat-programmable keys with limited option
this salamander designs rack is very well made and looks great . it takes a few hours to assemble , but the result is nicer than most home theater furniture out there . unfortunately , amazon 's shipping ( via ups ) did n't go so well and the outer box arrived in very bad shape . i was hoping that the inner box would protect the item , but , alas , one of the two doors was damaged . i 'm now trying to get amazon to replace the door , but they can only exchange the whole unit . the shipping box is completely destroyed , so i 've been forced to contact the manufacturer directly . crossing my fingers..
this tv/monitor rocks ! ! i 've been looking for a combo computer monitor and tv that i could use in my office . this lcd does both very well . i 'm writing this review with the lns4696d installed and everything on the screen is very large ( what i wanted ) even at 1600x1200 and the resolution is far better than i expected ! ! ( hint : sharpen the image and set high energy saving mode )
also at an awesome price . i am going to buy another one just to keep in case the one i have needs to be replaced
are they the best no.. do they impress people who havent hear them before yes ! ! to me thats the best compliment , they are much more objective listenerswith no preconcived notions . all i ever hear is `` those speakers sound so good '' `` i love those cool little speakers '' etc . i 've played everything from bach to dio and they sound very realistic . subwoofer placement is key to having the proper bass level . at [ ... ] they are a steal.. i paid [ ... ] in 1991 and listen to them everyday they still sound like they did when new .
outstanding product ! keeps the laptop cool plus the added benefit of having 4 usb ports
i bought this cooling fan because my computer was shutting off on its own , and the problem seemed to be that the computer was overheating . while this product has n't `` cured '' my computer , the performance of my computer has definitely improved with the use of the cooling fan . the extra usb ports are convenient as well . i would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has a laptop and wants to keep it from overheating
i am new to this type of device , but it has performed as expected
this is a great radio for sailboats and other boats that do not have a 12v power supply
i bought this because i needed good phones without the extra bulk . they 're really lightweight , but not flimsy . they have very good sound quality . i really like the volume control on the headphones themselves . it gives me the extra level of control . all in all , a really good bang for your buck
jensen jm10 anonymous review i love these headphones ! ! the easy access volume control is right where i need it and i can turn it on and off whenever i need to . they are a great value ! the headphones stay where they are supposed to and fit my head great . the sound quality is clear and crisp . the single cord attached makes it feel as if your not wearing headphones at all . i would recommend it to all my friends
this card worked out of the box on my linux , ubuntu 6.10 based system . this belkin card -- at least the version i have -- is based on the atheros chip set
after reading other reviews i was skeptical of purchasing the dioshield for my ipod . i had read a lot about how it interefered with the usb cable or the hold switch . but i could n't argue with the price.i must say that this product it actualy one of the best aftermarket ipod products i have puchased . it does exactly what it is supposed to do , protect my ipod . i have no trouble opperating any of the ipod 's buttons and i simply remove the case when i charge the unit . i have not found that it impairs the functionality of the ipod at all while keeping it securely around my neck . it is perfect for jogging weight training and other outdoor activitites . i find it much less cumbersome than the armband or belt clip units as it does not impede my range of motion.ultimately it perfectly protects my ipod when i am out and about which is what it was designed to do.the reasons i gave it 4 and not 5 stars was the laniard feels a little short not much but a little . and i whished they had mounted the ipod right side up like they did on the nano model.over all i am well please
for the price , these speakers are well worth the cost . of course , in my opinion , anything that dosnt say `` creative '' on it is usually worth the price . not a lot of bass , but with the bass boost , these speakers sound real nice . only bad thing i 'll say is that m-audio 's tech department is really bad . emailed them about a week ago inquiring about driver updates for vista , still no answer . ( my inquiry was about a different m-audio product )
the six commonly used power tips provide flexibility with this product . i purchased this to use as an interface between a cd walkman player and the ac power cord . the heads have specific polarity ; so it is possible to attach the heads incorrectly . however , if you pay attention to the plus and minus hookups as indicated , it 's not too difficult to make the attachment correctly the first time . i found the product to work effectively . the only negative i can see is that the actual plug-in device is a bit bulky ; so if you want to use this in a power strip setting , the ah3wh can be a bit of a plug hog . however , other than that limitation , the product was reliable . recommended to save on those batteries which do add up
i have been putting this television through its paces since i got it a few weeks ago , and it is by far the best tv i have ever owned , and very difficult to beat . the image quality is really good , with bright , vivid colors and wonderful detail , especially for 1080i/p content , but even lower-resolution 720p content , which is what 's more commonly-available on ota hd broadcast , looks phenomenal . i also have an apple tv hooked up to it , and even though most of my content is encoded at either 360p , 480p , or 720p , it still looks quite good.it does take some time to get the image tuned to perfection , and the default settings are way too bright with too much color saturation boost , and the dnie processing system actually seems to make some motion effects worse . however , it 's very easy to change the settings and see immediately what effect they have.like all lcds it does have some slight black point problems ; these are n't noticeable for fullscreen 16:9 content , but for older 4:3 content it 's pretty obvious that the black is n't pure black . however , this is again tunable.the only thing i really notice which is pretty annoying is that it does n't do a very good job of upscaling 480i content , such as the output from most video game systems , and for dvds to look good you really need an upconverting player since even with a progressive-scan player there is a lot of visible pixelation when the 480p content is scaled up . it 's really more a sad reflection on how the previous `` next-generation '' video looks downright primitive by today 's standards.the other noticeable issue is that unlike many televisions with digital tuners , it does n't have an on-screen program guide . my previous tv ( also a samsung ) had an on-screen program guide , but it was rather cumbersome to use and took several minutes of scanning every channel to see what was on , and most local channels are pretty inconsistent about providing the epg information anyway , so it 's not really that big of a deal . you can still see the detailed information for the program that 's currently showing , so it makes use of epg , just not as much as it could.this television 's tuner is also quite phenomenal . my previous tv required a very carefully-positioned powered antenna which was very sensitive to every little nearby fluctuation , while with this one i only have a piece of wire jammed into the antenna port and i get perfect reception of every local digital station.another nice improvement over samsung 's older hdtvs is that it has a wide variety of zoom modes which allow you to counteract some of the stupider things that tv stations do ( for example , pillboxing a letterboxed 16:9 show , which is very common for widescreen non-hd programming ) . also , analog tv stations and source inputs get their audio signals upconverted to digital , so you only need to run a single optical audio connection to your stereo ( while previous samsungs required running both analog and digital cables and switching between the two inputs based on source material ) .as a pc monitor this is also quite nice . i have a mac mini hooked up via svga cable , and even with an analog signal it looks perfectly sharp and crystal-clear , and of course you can hook it up via hdmi ( with a dvi to hdmi adaptor ) as well . the only gripe there is that the supported resolutions are a bit quaint - at least on analog svga the only 16:9 resolution it supports is 1920x1080 , which can be difficult for some older systems to handle . however , on hdmi it should support all the standard hd resolutions.this television may be more expensive than others in its size class , but it also far outshines every other tv i have seen , aside from the newer ln-t4065 , which is nearly identical aside from providing a higher dynamic contrast ratio . if you want to only buy one tv which will last for a long time , it would be hard to go wrong with this one
note : this product will only work on walls with wood studs . no metal studs.see the sanus website for installation manual and more details
the carry case does the job of holding my walkman and therefore i say it is worth the money . however i have found for my smaller arm it is hard to get it wrapped around in a steady position , but with some effort it does . overall i am happy with the purchase
i just added this to my onkyo htib system and it 's made all the difference in the world . i 'm a bit of an audiophile ( on a reasonable budget ) , with four subwoofers scattered throughout the rooms in my house and one 10 '' polk in my truck . i 'm most satisfied with the polk subwoofers for their tightness and ability to pound low frequencies without turning the sound into a boomy mess . i listen to a lot of music with double-bass drumming and thought that this psw12 would have a tough time keeping up with the quickness of the 10 '' sub i like so much . not the case . what i get is very quick bass with that ground-shaking impact that i always look for.i 'm still going easy on 'er for the break-in period , but i can say that the trailer for kingdom of heaven ( included on the blu-ray disc ) sounds absolutely stunning . paired with my 57 '' sony hdtv , trips to the movie theater are few and far between these days . now is a great time to pick up one of these , since the price seems to have recently dropped by about $ 50 throughout the web.unbeatable sub for the money !
i use this subwoofer to augment my 7.1 system . it was easy to install , gives excellent response , and i could n't be more pleased .
the only thing i do n't like about it , is the scanning area is upside down where most scanners you open the lid and put your photo or document close to you this scanner you have to put it all the way to the back of the scanner so you have to open the lid all the way . also the film tray shows on some of my documents as well you would think they would give you something to cover the film tray when not in use . i did like the way xp found this scanner right away with no disks or software . i have a cannon scanner i just got a few months ago but it is limited because it is not compatible with xp with out cannons software , the cannon was so bad that i purchased this one all in all i like it does a great job glad they still make just scanners for people who use laser printers
i liked options and text edit . i really liked the ability to scan into micsoft word
this is one of the best products i have spent my money on . this speakers 'speak ' well and you will be amazed at how well they sound for that kind of size.also , the buying experience from amazon was excellent . i got mine deleivered in about 2 days.will recommend product for anyone else
you can count on every monster cable made . it 's worth the extra money over the cheap ones . the gauge of the wire is thicker and the ends are made of better material
i 'm a fanatic for duplexing since i move a lot of paper around , sometimes amounts which i have to carry to court or mail and which weigh several pounds . the brother is one of the better machines for the price that handles duplexing well , maybe even the best . this particular machine has wireless g built-in , but it costs over $ 100 more than the same machine without wireless , and for well over $ 100 , you can probably manage to do the same thing cheaper , maybe even better , and for my office , wireless is inappropriate . ( it also should be stated that if you go outside briother itself , then the wireless combo is cost-effective . brother essentially competes here only with itself . ) that said , it makes for an elegant solution in the home if you have any sort of barrier to wiring and would like a single piece of equipment to handle everyone 's printing if several of you are running off of a wireless router . there are a bevy of bonuses if this machine is otherwise appropriate for you . it 's a complete standalone fax/copier if someone in the house does n't even have any computer at all . i 'm a long-time brother customer , and they 've made operation more intuitive for both computer users and standalone . there were a few bugs in earlier machines by brother ( comparable but older machines i 've owned , like the 8500 and the 9700 ) such as faulty out-of-toner warnings , and all of these seem to have been worked out . this machine is clearly out of beta . earlier machines were difficult ( though not impossible ) to set up and use advanced functions without using your manual , and this machine is far better on that aspect as well . you can have faxes arrive two-sided , which doubles your paper tray effectively , and you can scan or fax a two-sided document just by feeding it in and possibly altering a setting . this last is made possible by the physical arrangement and just as much by the aforementioned ease-of-use - you would n't use the feature much if you had to do major messing around with menus just send out a two-sided page . unfortunately , the one bane of all printers which is slightly worse with the brothers is the `` ink '' aspect . unlike some competitors , you have to replace a toner and a drum , and at differing intervals . i assume they do this to keep the costs low , but the costs still are n't particularly low . the non-wireless version of the basic machine sells for a little over $ 400 , and there is no problem spending that much for just a couple of drums and a few toners . i do n't understand why printers of all sorts can not just have a `` gas tank '' you could fill with cheap ink and then just add paper , but in most instances , the consumables are the tail wagging the dog in terms of buying a printer . the brother is a superbly-functioning modern machine at a great price , but do n't imagine the price ends when you buy it . this is true of all printers , however , and the news with most printers is worse than here
i ca n't say enough about the tivoli am/fm radio ! it has superior sound and i love the design of the case as well . some folks might be hesistant to spend over $ 100 for a radio ... trust me - it is well worth it . my girlfriend 's parents have had an older version of this radio for over 30 years - still sounds great
i would encourage anyone in the market for a shredder to first identify where the machine is to be placed ! if you want something `` cute '' and compact , then , keep looking . this sb-97cs is a work horse , in every sense of the word . consequently , it may not appeal to one 's feminine traits . although the size can be a bit formidable for home use , it 's power and relatively quiet operation set the standard for all others . i was surprised at just how quiet it was ! the controls are easy to master , and the safety features are good to have for the occasional inquisitve child . having had a lessor ( un-named ) shredder , i knew that my shredding needs were beyond the waste-paper-basket sized machines for less money . being one who regularly shreds credit card `` bait '' checks , and other sensitve info that accumulates through the years , this sb-97cs shredder was a must have . i doubt that i 'll outgrow this machine . i 've had this shredder for only a couple of months now , and i expect to have it for many years to come . it is necessary to oil the cutters after each full basket , though . if you are the disciplined and conscientious type , this is not a problem . however , i can see the lifespan of this machine being cut short by the negligent types who do n't read instructions..
simple , but does what it 's supposed to . allows you to connect the audio output of a laptop/pc/ipod , etc. , to the audio input on your tv .
this product has worked great with my 2wire gateway modem from at & t yahoo.the real plus has been the usb connection so its not necessary to take off the desktop 's back panel . the connection has been good , and i set it up in minutes.i tend to think that people who are having connection problems have a problem with their router , and not this device . i can see 50 % + networks from all over my neighborhood
this printer does an excellent job . the colors are vivid and the clarity is very crisp . the only negative is you are restricted to the canon paper with end tabs . good value for a compact snap shot printer
switch was simple to install to my existing network , just plug and go . i used this switch to separate some cpus off of the 100mb network and put them on the gig highway . worked just as planned and was seamless . i actually added two of these and saved big jack over a 16 port gig switch . network speed and response time increased even for those cpus w/out a gig nic . i like the idea of having a switch with capacity that far exceeds network traffic . highly recommend
these cases are amazing ! ! i love them ! ! if i ever need to replace one of my dvds i always buy memorex dvd storage cases . there the next best thing , i think to the ones that come orignal with my store bought dvds.thanks memorex !
this is the only type of speaker cable i use to connect my state of the art sound system
while the two fans i ordered for a new computer build are functioning properly , they are not as advertised on amazon 's website . according to the specs on the site , they have a double ball-bearing design which last longer than normal fans . be warned , these are not the antec double ball-bearing fans , but the less expensive ones . have contacted amazon and hope they update the specs to reflect these accurately
this radar/laser detector is very good detects the police radarand the best is do not false signals
it does everything promised but takes several hours of going over the instructions to figure out how to program some of the features . instructions hard to locate in booklet
i took my mp3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.eveyone i tried was terrible ; so i ended up buying online.i read all the reviews , especially amazon reviews ; because the people know what they are talking about.i have bought 5 pair altogether for friends , and they love these buds too.the music i listen to ranges from tupac to vivaldi , and everything in between . my mp3 player has 9 eq settings ; i keep it on new age most of the time . the price is right , and the sound is the best .
a lot of tv for little money . great picture , and the refresh rate is fast enough to prevent most of the blurring that you tend to see on low end lcd 's . initial setup can be tricky because olevia chose to include a cd version of the operators manual , though you can print a paper version from the cd or olevia website . better than average sound , but the side speakers add a bit to the overall width . after tweaking the factory settings we achieved a nice color balance without any of the black level problems that plague many lcd 's . if you 're using it in a bedroom you 'll most likely be annoyed by the very bright on/off light on the front panel . rear panel connections are intuitive and easily accessible , and wall-hanging was a breeze . looked at many lcd televisions and there are better choices for sure , but it 's hard to beat the performance of this set at the low price . highly satisfied !
i had great hope for this product . it has , mostly , so far , lived up to my expectations . here are some caveats ... i was hoping for the ability to set up music catagories ... easy listening , dinner music , light jazz ... etc . you have to `` cheat '' to do this , and using the manual is daunting . instead of using the `` artist '' as artist , i used it as a catagory code , ie making one artist light jazz , etc . this works , but you do , of course lose the artist registration ability.so now , i can select `` artist '' `` dinner music '' and then `` all discs '' and `` shuffle '' , and the unit will play a track from one `` dinner music '' cd then shuffle to another track on another `` dinner music '' cd , etc , making a delightful , mix of music that never is repeated exactly the same way.i am still in the loading phase of coexistance with this machine , so longetivty , and flawlessness are not being reviewed here . that remains to be seen.the manual is purely awfull . just dig in and try things . that 's the only way to get a handle on things . hope this helps ... .good luck !
this is a very nice tv for the money . great picture and with the built in dvd player that plays cd 's i was able to remove a big old crt tv , dvd player and stereo from the bedroom . i 'm happy with my choice
i gave this 5 stars only because it serves its purpose well . it 's just a basic mouse pad , but the price is excellent ! !
i received this printer a few days ago and i am very impressed . 4 x 6 photos look awesome as if i had walmart print them and the speed is very fast . i hook it up to my airport extreme base station ( i use a powerbook ) and print wirelessly and had no problems at all . scanner is a tad bit noisy but a lot quieter than my old hp all in one printer that just kicked the bucket.the software is easy to use and understand . i never read the directions and i was scanning in pictures with in minutes . i also like the lcd display on the printer . its nice to just `` pop '' in a memory card , and view the photos you want to print . it saves time when you do n't have to download them to the computer then print them.overall i am vey pleased and i did my search on this printer and all of the reviews were very good . i was torn between canon ( i actually bought a canon pixma and returned it ) and hp and i am glad i stuck with hp , always a trusted brand . and the price was about $ 40.00 dollars cheaper than any electronics store around.pros : excellent picture qualtyfast printingeasy setupa lot of featureseasy to use and understand functionscons : scanner a litte noisy ( quieter than my old hp ) when printing the printer shakes my table ( old hp did the same ) i guess it is a little on the large side , but it does n't bother m
i have just up-graded to a 40 '' hd samsung 1080p tv so i had to replace my 2 yr old onkyo 601 `` great receiver '' with this 674 model mainly for the hdmi switching capabilities , set-up was a little tricky but after an hour i was ready to try the audyssey set up mic . which was very straight forward & accurate boy was i blown away . this thing has such clarity & separation i could n't believe the difference over my older onk.rec.i have direct tv hd-dvr & panasonic 1080i dvd player via hdmi through receiver , do n't waste your money on those over priced monster cables , all of mine are 15-20 bucks from amazon . i am so pleased with my purchase i also feel this is a great value 599.00 i know their is not a better receiver out there at this price or even for 200.00 more . i would highly recommend this as the backbone to any quality home theater system . i read another review that expressed that you could n't turn it up past 60 , that is false i can crank mine up to max with with vertually no distortion
i recently purchased the pacific breeze laptop cooler and so far am very impressed with it . now this review should be taken with a grain of salt , because i have only had the cooler for a few weeks , but i feel that the results were evident immediately and the build does seem adequate . the reason that i was in search of a cooler was due to my dangerously hot hard drive temps . i installed notebook hardware control ( free temperature and power control utility ) after feeling how hot my new notebook was getting and saw temps as high as 55c at my hard drive ! worried about how this would affect the hard drive 's longevity , i started looking around at coolers.i choose this cooler after reviewing several of the `` mat '' variety , but chose this one because of its design . as the previous reviewers have already mentioned , this cooler elevates the notebook from the rear and blows air under the notebook . this allows the cpu fan intake and hard drive to receive plenty of fresh air.after setting this cooler up , i was feeling pretty good about the purchase . qualitatively , the results are evident by a cooler notebook top and keypad , and the feel of air exiting the sides of the notebook . quantitatively , the notebook experienced a 5c temperature drop at my hd and at my cpu . now my hard drive is running at 40c-45c instead of 45-50c ! i would definitely recommend this product
unlike the first reviewer my experience with trigger finer has been a good one . at first it took me awhile to figure out how to get the device to control the drums in impulse ( ableton live ) once i realized that each pad had to be set in order to have each tone mapped it was a breeeze . i suspect that maybe the first reviewer as well as any midi newbie might have difficulty in that respects since it is not plug in play as m audio states ... .it is program and play , however once you get it programmed correctly it is effortless . the htinkg is it is soo expandable and programmable it may be to its own detriment especaiily for peolle who are not fimiliar with mapping out midi controllers
i just love the color , the stile and the price.it is a perfect player . thank you .
for the money , i got a good quality product . my purchase experience was good , and product was received in a timely manner
i bought this cable half minded reading the other reviews and i was bit worried whether it will work . when i hooked up the cable between my laptop and tv , wow ... . this is really worth a buy .
we received this item very quickly . it was exactly what we ordere
umm . this is ink . not much to say other than it works fine with my epson r320 printer
we looked at many tv stands to go with the sony tv we were buying . only a few were worth considering , but finally decided to go with the sony unit designed for our specific tv . am i glad we did ! it has hold downs to secure the tv and the cable straps at the rear are easy to use and make the installation clean and clear . very nicely designed , along with being good looking
great joystick ! i did n't think i could find any better than my sidewinder , but i was wrong ! very configurable and smooth
this memory card works great with my 15 '' powermac laptop . i 've had a noticeable increase in speed with no hitches .
no problem whatsoever with this product . it was delivered in a timely manner and worked perfectly
i 've never tried verbatim media , since there were 5inch computer floppy disc ( circa 1983-85 ) . i pleased to find that verbatim still makes a quality product
i 've seen others coaster from day 1 and i 've seen others coaster after day 60 ( after an actual succesfull write ! ) but these are absolutely awesome . highly reliable ... long-term
wow , i 'm surprised by the reviews made here about this product . despite the bad reviews , i bought it anyway . i still believe in a motorola . guess what ? not bad . i bought this phone set and 4 of its satellites to replace my siemens . the siemens was the best phone when it first came out about 5 years ago . this moto phone has the features most people will ever need . the shared phonebook is very valuable . a loud speakerphone on each handset is priceless . incoming and outgoing sound quality is excellent . i do n't understand why there are several reviews here stating the phone has bad sound quality . ok , the range is not as good as my 2.4ghz phone but it is not bad for someone with an average size home . after about 75 meters with 3 walls in between , i can start to hear the voice i 'm speaking to , crackles . i just did this for test but i can get clear voice anywhere in my 4 bedroom house . i am running a 2ghz wi-fi and do not hear any interference . with regard to the phonebook , i wish i can enter more characters each address ! the maximum characters i can enter is only 11 . i think i can enter about 20 on my siemens . another minor quirk is when someone called , i could just lift the phone off its charging base and start talking to the other party . not with this phone . i still have to press the `` flash '' bottom everytime before i can start talking . build quality is excellent . it is a little on the heavy side which i like probably because it uses 4 rechargeable batteries and made of thick plastic . even if i squeeze the handset hard , i did n't hear that plasticky noise and feeling of the plastic warping . i tried the pana , v-tech , uniden , ge , and att in a local store and the motorola is tops . you will not see a rubbery wiggly buttons here . i personally think this is the best phone among the few remaining brands around . if you do not see it that way , it must be a quality defect that can happen on any product .
i 'm so happy with these speakers . for the price , the sound is utterly amazing . i have a good moderately priced system , and these speakers really make it special . no one can believe the crystal highs or the big bass coming from such humble-looking speakers
this radio has excellent features for someone who is either new to shortwave radio or just wanting a simple , user-friendly set of controls . also perfect for those that like analogue-style controls that would be encountered on older radios . i have the s-350 , the model that the s-350dl replaces . for general world band programme listening , this radio is fantastic . outstanding speaker . easy to read digital display includes backlight . includes attenuator . clock can be set to 24 hour time . easy to carry anywhere . robust antenna . does not support ssb tuning , which you would need to tune in ham radio . same radio sold under tescun name in other parts of the world
i do n't know what was wrong w/ the other reviewers machine , but let me assure you , this is not an inferior product . i got it on clearance @ target for $ 69.98 . i have been looking for a long time for a good portable dvd player . i have used it and had no problems with it whatsoever . plus if anything does happen in the first 90 it is fully returnable to target . good deal all around . highly reccomended .
below is my experience with this product after owning it for 2 weeks.pros : -- -- -1 . amazing sound especially when watching dvd movies2 . very good progessive scan dvd picture quality3 . simple , compact and all-in-one design4 . remote control can work with various tv 's , cable boxes and vcr's5 . can play both ntsc and pal dvd'scons : -- -- -1 . expensive2 . no hdmi output3 . non-intuative remote control4 . no headphone jackoverall , i love and chose the bose 321 because of the sound quality and compact design . i got this system because i wanted a compact all-in-one media center and i was not interested in getting a htib with 5 speakers . i looked at denon ( 2 products ) , sony and samsung.i use this on my 23 '' samsung lcd tv using monster component video cables and while i would have preferred to take advatange of its hdmi capabilties , the reality is that i am very happy with this image quality . movies such as lord of the rings , the matrix and hero look and sound fantastic . prior to this i was looking at the sony dav-x1 which is much cheaper and more feature-rich . however the internal turmoils between their consumer electronics and media divisons convince me this would not work for me . for example , my pal dvds can not be played on the sony whereas on the bose it was no problem . i am of the opinion that sony is a directionless company and this is reflected in their products.to be fair you do need to have the right kind of room to take advantage of their truespace 2.1 surround sound feature . my couch is up against the wall with the media center located 12 ft in front of me . according to bose the speakers should ideally be 3 feet away from the tv . sometimes truespace works and sometimes i ca n't hear it . i believe this is true among all the other competitors in this market line and that neither one stands out ahead of the other . if surround sound is really that important to you , then you should get a 5.1 system . this product is perfect for a small room as it takes advantage of the echos of the room where it can fake a 3d sound and would probably not be ideal for a family size rec-room.the audio quality from music cd 's is very good and while i wish this had an ipod port as found on the denon , i am very content using the aux port
my [ ... ] girl and [ ... ] boy both love their players . the [ ... ] really likes the sonic games and the ability to connect it to the tv . on a tv the 8 bit graphics are jagged but he does not care and the games are playable . the builtin screens are a little low in resolution if you look closely but cartoons look good and the kids have not noticed anything . the players have a nice lock feature to disable the controls so that the movie is not accidentally stopped . they have both dropped the players serveral times and they both continue to work well . the only problem is that the [ ... ] had figured out how to remove the battery pack . she does this at times then gets upset the movie stopped . the players come with everything , ac and auto adapters , a remote control , earphones , built-in stand , battery pack and the wires to play the movies and the games directly on an a tv with rca jacks
this product is good . i have n't seen any issues with this so far ...
mouse is comfortable to use , and i have n't had any problems with it so far . i did have some difficulty hooking it up to my computer , but once i figured out the problem it was all smooth sailing from there . it is my first wireless mouse , so i have nothing else to compare it to , but i definitely like it a lot better than my old mouse .
i needed this cable to use with my garmin rino 120 because my new laptop did n't have a serial adapter . my first try was to use a similiar product from radio shack , but i found the radio shack product was very confusing to use and was unstable . i ordered the cp technologie product from amazon and it worked great ! also , the cp tech product was less than half the cost of the radio shack product ( including shipping )
i tried many other adapters and this was the only one that worked for my pda
this wall mount works and hold 's great . i used it for an olevia 542i lcd flat panel and have had no problems . the instructions are not all that clear , but it is not hard to figure out how to instal
i wanted a simple printer so i could print a few prints from time to time to hand out . on sale for $ 50 , this seemed like the right one . i already had the included zoombrowser and photo stitch software installed from my prior purchase of a canon a95 camera , so i just needed to install the driver . note this requires a usb cable ( not included ) to the printer.as is human nature , i tried to print without reading the zoombrowser instructions , and got a lovely plain sky-blue print with the words `` my album '' on it - but no photo : - ) then , out came a stunning second print which was totally blank but with some faint horizontal lines - this was from a residual click from my first attempt . ok , ok , so i looked at the pdf printing guide for about 15 seconds , and followed the instructions.got a beautiful first print of the queen mary ship . got a gorgeous second print of flags ( red/white/blue , and green ) againt a clear blue sky , and the third print was very nice of a field of flowers near mt lassen ( ironically the original proof print of this from 20 years ago was scanned onto my computer just today to get rid of paper prints ... ) so , i 've blown through the provided `` trial '' 5 sheets of paper and film cartridge , and have 3 very nice prints ( with postcard address lines , stamp area and canon logo on the back - the paper comes that way . ) the ends of the paper remain white but have perforations about 1/2 inch from the end so you can remove them after printing.i ca n't compare the printing software to any other brand , but setting up a plain photo-only print takes about 10 seconds of menu choices . if you want to add backgounds , titles/text , etc , that is available as well . ( got another pack of paper/film , and put humorous captions on kind of funny-bad office christmas pix ... ) printing directly from my a95 takes about the same time as from the computer - about 1 min 45 sec.the actual operation involves the paper being passed in and out of the printer 4 times ( 3 color passes and a protective layer ) so it is important the back of the printer is not obstructed , particularly by the power cord which hangs down near the edge of the slot . the finished print is deposited on top of the paper cassette in front . the unit looks and feels substantial for its small size , comes well packed ( survived ny to ca shipping ) , has decent documentation , and a 1-year warranty .
every house should have a grundig s350 deluxe . big , brawny , `` grabbing '' in all the hard-to-get stations with ease , championing a big antenna that says this radio means serious business , the grundig s350 deluxe version , is a bigger , better version of the old grundig s350 , eliminating some of the `` drift '' problems of the earlier model . the speaker on the deluxe is bigger and brighter . whereas your fancy digital preset radios often sound like tin , the grundig s350 dl has depth . is it a perfect radio ? no . you do n't have presets in spite of the digital read-out . you get a little am overload . here in los angeles i get overload on 1150 so that i 'm listening to two shows at once . also the cheaper ( and cheaper built ) ge superradio boasts an internal am ferrite antenna twice the size and as a result gets slightly better am.if you 're looking for a radio with similar features as the grundig s350 dl but erases its weakness -- no presets and am overload , then you might want to check out the grundig g4000a . it 's the same price as the s350 and its speaker is surprisingly good for a digital preset shortwave radio . or you might look at the stunning kaito 1103 or its more expensive cousin the eton e5 . but even if you get a fancy preset radio , every house should have the big easy-to-use grundig s350 deluxe.update : comparing the s350 to the same-priced g4000 for several months , it becomes clear that the g4000 is a better buy : superior am , superior separation of am stations , presets , same warm speaker , and smaller .
these folks continue to amaze me with their advancement of the state of the art in memory , and amazon purchase and delivery is so dependable it 's like money in the bank . i hope no one comes in and tries to `` improve '' things .
i must admit i read many other reviews of this item and was a little apprehensive , however ... . i found this recorder to be outstanding in all the items i 've tried so far . i initially just hooked it up like my old one was and left it for a few hours after manually setting the time ( before reading the instructions ) . this made things more difficult so i started over , set it for everything to be automatic , including the time , left it until the next evening and allowed it to do its ' thing - which it did magnificently . everything worked beautifully and it did a great job . i love the one-touch recording . i found it 's best to read directions one at a time as i want to try something new and have had no problems . so far i have n't tried everything it will do but find it 's very intuitive and not a bit frustrating to use . it 's a joy to hit the tvguide button , highlight the shows i want to watch and hit the record button . so far i have no complaints
great new product ! easy to use and turns my audio ipod into a portable media player . i can even use it to record my favorite tv shows . i highly recommend this product
for this price these are a steal ! purchased mine for $ 15 ( with shipping ) and let me tell you , it was worth it ! the headphones come with a 1/4 converter too ! so you can use them for cd players and amps ! the sound quality is good , and the headphones do n't hurt half as much as other ones after wearing for several hours . these are an amazing deal for the price , i 'm honestly surprised these ar n't marked for $ 50 . do n't pass these up if your looking for decent quality headphones
i live in an apartment building and play ( well , practice is a better word ) the bass guitar and needed headphones so i would n't bother neighbors or my wife whom sleeps and watchs tv about 6 feet from where i sit and play.the 10 foot long cord was perfect for distance for sitting or standing and moving around while playing , so i would n't have to use an extention cable ( and usualy end up with feedback/distortion associated to an unshielded connector in an extention cable ) the volume control on each earpiece lets me adjust the volume so i do n't have to mess with my amp or guitar volume settings i like to use when not using headphones . makes it real nice too when using an instructional cd or dvd i can turn the bass sound off in one ear to hear the instructions clearly witout needing to seriously skew the headphones off my head.very light weight . some headphones can weight the head down making you feel like one of them 'bobble heads ' . fits firmly on the head without any pinching or binding anywere . cord enters headphones on the left ear side , so you do n't have to deal with the classic 'y ' split cord . easy to flip to the side or drape over the back out of the way.earpices fit nicly over my ears ( no pinching , gouging or squishing with plenty of clearance around the ear ) and does a very nice job blocking out noise ( when my wife is awake she watchs the tv , rather loudly , which is right next to me and i bairly notice it ) . plenty of padding around the ear pieces . many headphones inside near the ear has hard plastic between the ear and speaker which usualy digs into the ear , but these headphones i honestly do n't feel anything against my ears . even after several hours of use each night.sound quality . bose or pioneer they are not , but then if you wanted such high quality you would n't be shopping in the $ 20 and under headphones : ) that being said they are very good for sound . sounded very good on a portable cd player.only drawbacks i can see is that a person with large/tall ears wo n't get thier ears covered by the earpads . the inside opening of the earpads is aprox 2 1/4 inchs tall by 1 3/4 . imo they could have been made bigger.also , if you have a tall head ( good distance from top of head to ear ) you may find fully extended the headphones might not reach your ears.i have a head like drew carry ( give you an idea head size/shape i 'm talking about ) and if the extension to each earpiece would have been any shorter they would n't have fit.i wear glasses as well by the way and the headphones do n't interfere , bind , pinch or anything like that with my glasses.so , i highly recomend them if low cost headphones is what you are after ( i do n't recomend things often : ) )
when i opened my package i was a little disappoined with this product but after using it for a while i learned to like it . it is easy to use the front controls with the inno but akward to turn on and off . overall a nice case . shoped around and found amazon had best price with free shipping . received in about one week
still embarking on spooling off all the hi-8 tapes i have , but i 've been very satisfied with the plextor unit so far . first thing i did was to spool one hi-8 tape and then make a dvd , using the functionality of the bundled windvd creator software . good news : it worked , and a few hours after i started , i was watching the dvd i created , on my bedroom dvd player . bad news : the software is full of minor and sometimes more than minor annoyances . it may be that i 'm still climbing the learning curve with it , but i think it 's just not very good . i 'm looking into other solutions , such as pinnacle , adobe premiere elements , etc . meanwhile , i keep spooling.i have n't yet tried the tv capture in any depth . it looked like it worked , but again , with some annoyances on the software side . plextor could improve this offering vastly with the addition of some better bundled software
i bought these for some sony surround sound speakers , although i was initially concerned about the choice because they are made from what is ( essentially ) plastic . however , they turned out to be very sturdy , and easy to install . i also have to commend the mannufacturer for including very detailed instructions as well as a large selection of mounting hardware . well worth the price
popped it in , works like a charm . hardest part is opening the packaging , but other than that no worries
`` my husband and i bought this for our new home and we 're both thrilled ! he loves that it holds our new tv and stereo system , and i love the way it looks . it 's extremely sturdy and he was able to put it together in less than a couple of hours . we 're so glad we found something we could both agree on ! what a great piece of furniture !
they are good for the price . they have a very good sound quality , or at least better than the ones that came with my sony walkman dej001 . the only problem i had is when i connected them to my older philips player , it had a low volume output . and then again , even on the sony player , i had to have the volume at 7 , and it only goes to 9 . if you have a high output player or a computer , these will be great , but if your using them for a low output or old device , these probably wo n't cut the cheese
easy to mount on the wall . though this item came with hardware with different sizes , i still had to buy some hardware with different length than what they supplied . this mount perfectly suited for my 46 '' sony lcd flat panel . in about 30 min , i could mount tv on this bracket .
seems to be good quality . has a strong rubber scent , and no cutouts for the 4 small buttons though
the reviewer below identifying himself as `` an electronics fan '' obviously has a deep bias against bose . his multiple reviews about bose products -- here and elsewhere -- are transparently motivated by some animus against bose . was he fired by bose ? did a member of the bose family reject his romantic advances ? did a bose executive accidentally run over his cat ? did he drop a bose speaker on his foot and hurt his toe ? the true motivation for this guy 's negative reviews would be fun to know . in the meantime , what we do know is that he has no credibility , and his reviews ( two here , others elsewhere for other bose products ; he 's made maligning bose his life 's work , apparently ) ) should disregarded.i bought a set of black 301 's several years ago to go with my onkyo receiver . we have it hooked up to a television and dvd player for movies . these speakers are in constant use both for the dvd and for music of all types . the room in which they are placed is huge , with an 18 foot-high flat ceiling . the speakers saturate the room with exquisite sound day after day . the speakers work fine for spoken audio for dvd 's ; we can hear dialogue perfectly ; i feel no particular need for a surround-sound system . several times my young daughters have turned on the 100 watt amp with the volume turned all the way up or close thereto . i feared a ruptured speaker cone , but the 301 's are very forgiving , no damage has been done . the cats sleep on the speakers ; they clean right up and still look new after five years . these speakers keep on giving total satisfaction , and i quite simply love them.about three years ago i decided to go all out in another room and bought the highest quality stereo stuff on the market , or at least what i determined to be best after a lot of research . this included a set of the gold-series tower speakers from monitor audio . ( the speaker cones are metallic , with some amount of gold , and gold connections , etc. , etc . ) these monitor audios have to be the best looking speakers ever made ( real wood veneer cabinetry , with the gold cones and the black covers , etc . ) . these speakers cost well over a thousand dollars each . well , i must confess , as awesome as the monitor audios sound , i ca n't really say they sound any better than the bose 301 's ! ! ! they can maybe handle more power , but i assure you the bose 301 's will play loud enough to bring the cops to your doorstep in five minutes or less.so , when i recently set up my third stereo in a bedroom , i looked forward to buying a third type of speakers . i ran around and listened to what i could find on display . well , after much contemplation , i went for a second set of the bose 301 's ! ! ! they just could n't be beat , and i would have gladly spent more if i had found something i liked better . but i 'm not going to spend more just so i can say i spent a lot ... there has to be increased performance . and , in my opinion , the 301 's could n't be out-performed by any other bookshelf speaker of any price range . my first set of 301 's were black . this time i went for the cherry . folks , these are absolutely beautiful speakers : almost as cool looking as my monitor audios . the black cover and the black housing fixture in the back really accentuate the cherry colored wood . no , it is not real wood , but it looks very nice . these things are simply gorgeous . the kind of `` mod '' or futuristic shape which bose has designed really stands out in this lighter-colored version . and , yes , they sound just as good as my original pair . i listen to soft music ( jazz , typically , or ambient ) in the morning and these speakers deliver all the nuances at very low volume ; i listen to hard rock at high volume on other occasions , and the 301 's do n't scare away or distort at all : these things would tear the house apart before they 'd lose sound quality.so , yes , i recommend these highly . they 'd still be the speaker of choice for me at three or four times the price
i have two ipods that do n't work . i bought a shuffle first and that has an error that i ca n't fix and apple ca n't fix . so , i thought i 'd buy 1gb ipod a year later and that broke down even with a new computer . so , this time i made the right decision and bought the 30 gb zune . wow ! the zune is so much better ! it has such a better feel to it and the controls react nicely , instead of making you frustrated like the ipod . the screen is perfect . sound quality is excellent . 5 stars for the zune .
i liked this charger so much that i ended up ordering a second unit . premium solid performance in addition to 3 years warranty ! i called lenmar company since the fan on the second charger did not work out of the box but guess what , they sent me another charger without hussle ! the call took about 2 minute and the replacement part was already on its way , they definetly stand by and back up their warranty . no problems with the second unit and if i ever need another one i would still buy a lenmar . the two middle charging slots supposed to work only on lenmar ppro-h batteries , one can use the slot number 1 and 4 for regular nimh batteries , it charges regular high capacity batteries to an 80 % level in less than 15 minutes , and the other ppro-h batteries in about 7-8 minutes . i did n't notice difference between my rechargeable energizer batteries and the the ppro-h batteries , but the ppro-h kind are more durable . this charger is the best in its category because it support worldwide voltage 110-240 v and the first to use neotherm charging technology ! it 's solid and heavy duty charger , not like the cheap kind that are everywhere . i went through lots of sony chargers but you know what ? they will never see my money again ! the sony chargers are crappy and fry a lot , i have been using the msc815 since october 2005 almost daily and never once i had an issue with it
i do n't bother charging my zune from the computer any more . this is the only way to go
this is the perfect little tv/dvd for a little girl 's room ! the picture is great and hello kitty pops on screen for certain commands ( volume , channel change.. ) . my daughter age 4 loves it . i would have given this product 5 stars but there are a couple drawbacks ... the remote control is has so many buttons and they are very tiny , very close together . i can barely read what each button does because the labels/print is also very tiny . this is annoying when in my daughter 's darkened room and i have to turn on a bright light just to find the pause button ... the other thing i have to point out that bugs me is that you ca n't eject/or open the dvd player unless the tv is in dvd mode . in other words when i go to put in a dvd , i ca n't just push `` open '' . nothing will happen . you have to find the right button , choose `` dvd '' from a choice of 3-4 things , and only then will the tray slide open . all in all , these things would not prevent me from buying this tv again ... although it would be nice if they did come out w/ a more kid friendly remote with bigger buttons/symbols for a small child to recognize ... one great thing i want to point out -- there is fast forward scan that you can watch as it fast forwards ( something not all dvd players offer ) and this is great when you are putting a dvd in for your child and they want to skip all those pre-movie ads ... .you can ff right to the beginning of the movie ! ! !
i love the feel of this gamepad ... after trying several others this is the best . the wireless works ok , i was 20 feet away and it was working.the batteries are what needs improving according to many posts . i thought i had a dead battery but it ended up being a bad connection inside . with a small screwdriver pushed up through the bottom can take apart the battery case . on the positive side of each battery there are two small pieces of plastic . you just need to push these down so the battery has a better chance of connectiing . i also found new batteris at interstate battery store , 1 dollar each . the analog sticks could be a little tighter , but i like the d pad . wireless is great
this compact mini was exactly what we needed to use as a server for our photography studio . all computers can pull from it with no noticible slow down . it was the smoothest install and network to our 6 computers . i will buy another very soon to use as a backup to the first
garmin has great ideas that suffer from the company they belong to . this option is a great thing to add to your 305 if you spin indoors or want to increase the accuracy of the gps . now if only the software was smart about how and when to use the sensor ...
this sharp electronic dictionary is the perfect pocket companion for those times when you do n't have your laptop , or a dictionary handy . the interface is intuitive and the keyboard is amongst the best i 've ever used on this type of device . moreover , the access times for dictionary and thesaurus lookups are very fast ; the `` phrase search '' function is a little bit slower , but not intolerable . there are also `` crossword puzzle '' and `` anagram solver '' functions that i have not used , but i imagine work fine . another positive for this product is the fact that it uses a single aaa battery , not some watch-type cell battery.the only negative is that it does not have a backlight for the screen , but neither do many of the other comparable dictionaries . hopefully sharp will smarten up and put that in a future version of the pw-e550 . i believe this is by far the best electronic dictionary you can get for less than $ 100 , and no , i do not work for sharp electronics
our oskar multimedia storage cabinet arrived in a timely manner and was in very good condition . my husband assembled the unit with ease , until it was time to nail the card board backing on . following the instructions he laid the unit down on it 's face , of course the kick-board had already been added so it did n't lay flat . when nailing on the backing the `` j '' board ( the center shelf holding the entire unit together ) split at every point of contact.we had ordered our oskar storage cabinet through amazon , directly from ritz camera . so , naturally i called ritz to replace the `` j '' shelf . i was informed i would have to return the entire unit . i immediately pictured myself trying to get all those shelves back into the box and figured that was more trouble than i wanted to go through.so , i tracked down the number for oskar and called them directly . they were very efficient and helpful . within minutes i had their assurance that they would ship a new `` j '' shelf to my home - at no additional charge . the shelf arrived within the promised ten-days.this unit was exactly what we ordered and works well for it 's intended purpose . i would caution you to be very careful nailing on the backboard , so as not to split the center shelf . my favorite feature of the oskar multimedia wood storage cabinet is that they include plenty of extra shelves , unlike so many other brands . i have an entire stack of shelves that i can add as needed . i would love to have three or four more of these units .
i used this recorder alot , i have alot of classes , and the playback is good , it has little folders where if you recorded on one section rather than worrying that you have n't listened yet you can move to the next folder and record . the sound quality is good , 36h record time which can be broken up to folders . the only thing when you are recording make sure tht you adjust the volume , i forgot to turn the volume alittle higher and the recording was low , and that goes vice versa as well , . nice little easy to maneuver recorder without having to be overwhelmed with the buttons
this is about the only mouse i buy , have gone through a couple of them in the past few years . i just ca n't see spending alot of money on something thats going to naturally wear out . this model is one that i find comfortable for the hand and durable in the using . if you want a good , reliable , comfortable mouse , this logitech is a good choice
this is a great product for those who probably do n't write too much . as an engineering student , i found the incapability of this product to interpret greek letters and equations quite understandable - however , it maxed out at 6 pages and that is just too little for even an hour or note taking in a tough class . plus , it would be nice to be able to turn off the pen occasionally
this has been the best investment i 've made for quite some time . after experiencing the black out after the earthquake that hit hawaii last year and having my computer die , i invested into this unit . i read a few reviews from various sites that said there was issues with it and that often times it came broken . i thought to myself the good reviews outweigh the bad so i 'm going to try it and see . sure enough this unit came with no problems . i plugged it in and let it charge over night . i then added my computer and my monitor to it . i 've seen it kick in while the lights dimmed at my home and i 'm so thankful that it has saved my computer . if anything everyone should invest in one of these for their computers . i fix computers for a living and more often than not people bring in their dead computers due to a power outage or power surge
this item is br1500 , which also called rs model vs. the bx1500 called xs models . external battery br24bp can be used for both br1500 and bx1500 . the capability to connect external battery is great , since that can help reduce the downtime when california experiencing `` rolling black '' in the summer.there are basically 2 differences between the back-ups rs ( br1500 ) and the back-ups xs ( bx1500 ) models besides their names.1 . the back-ups rs models have both 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem data-line protection and 10/100base-t ethernet protection , where as the back-ups xs models only has 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem protection.2 . the back-ups rs models have both boost* and trim** as features of automatic voltage regulation ( avr ) , where as the back-ups xs only has boost . when the input voltage increases above the high transfer point of a back-ups xs model it will only go to battery . *avr boost : the ups is compensating for a low utility voltage . while the ups can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the ups , the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently low . **avr trim : the ups is compensating for a high utility voltage . while the ups can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the ups , the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently high . bx1500 does not have the avr trim feature , when ac line voltage is higher than spec , it will switch over the battery power till the line voltage drops into the spec range.please note this is called `` backup ups '' , not the `` smart ups '' line . backup ups does not produce pure sine wave . when power lost , it will take some milli-seconds to switch over to battery power . `` smart-ups '' produces sine wave and the output ac was from dc source all the time . when ac input lost , the ac output will not have any interrupt.for most computers , the `` backup-ups '' is good enough , since the power supply inside pc always have capacitors that can hold for about 100ms or longer . when `` backup-ups '' switched over in about 20ms , the computer will continue operates without much impact . but for a/v equipment , this may be an issue , especially the output is not pure sine wave . i would not recommend use this ups for a/v equipment
this is truly the best wifi you can get on the market right now . its lightning fast its 4 machines put into 1 . most importantly i 've had the best gaming experience ever . now i can host games on xbox live without lagging the rest of my teammates and that is no fun . the linksys wrt330n wireless-n gigabit gaming router is well worth its money and a great investment . i recommend it highly to anyone that needs a great wifi for whatever reason
i already have two of these for my heavy rear bose speakers . the speakers are about are about 10 lbs each and are easily handled.the mounts are solid , and can be oriented in any direction easily . i am about to by three more for my center , and two fronts.i highly recommend
i have an explorist 210 and this bracket fits it like a glove . good sturdy bracket , uni-directional , with strong suction cups - installed over a month ago and still has not come loose from windshield . great product for the money ( in my case $ 30.76 + free shipping ) . purchased a second one for my other vehicle .
this product is really what i expected it to be . it has a very clear display with a high resolution for a 4 inch screen . the stereo sound is really good . and it has a long lasting battery . buttons are easy to use . i tried recording from the television , and it is also satisfying . i had no problem about any divx or xvid video type . i really enjoy watching films with cowon a2 .
i am so satisfied with this product that i had to come back and write a review on this . it has good picture quality and sound quality is amazing ! battery lasts very long which is very very useful n important feature for portable players . i love to watch movies on this and also love to connect this to my tv and watch on a big screen any place i go
i did a bunch of research before i bought the a2 . the things that sold me on it were : 1 . battery life . 2 . it 's got a voice recorder & encodes direct to mp3 3 . i love the fact that it 's `` folder view '' , all my music on my pc is organized by artist then album anyway , so it 's just copy and paste to get it onto the a2.which leads to ... ... ... ... ... .. 4 . just copy mp3 's & avi 's on there like a removable usb drive . 5 . a/v out to tv is cool . 6 . a/v in to record video is a nice extra.so far it 's played every avi i 've thrown at it . i 've got 15gb of music on there and just let it random play the whole lot i use the a2 mostly when driving . i got a nice fm transmitter that powers off the cig socket , sound quality is pretty good . only problem i have is that i have to carry the a2 in the house at night for fear of it getting stolen out of the car ! i also invested in the silicon cover from zcover-it comes with a plastic screen protector and is perfect for when my 2 yr old wants to watch one of his movies on there ( the a2 makes for a great pacifier ! ) mine came with the latest firmware on there so there was no need to upgrade.i 'm very happy with the a2 and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for am honest to goodness media player and has no need for subscription services or any other force fed crap .
works great out of the box . some reviews mentioned problems with the cd but mine worked fine but took some time to start on the first try . it mounted easly under the upper kitchen cabinet . no problem with signal strength happy to say since the unit it replaced had problems . the brightness of the digital clock is adjustiable and i use it as a night light in the kitchen . the remote control is powerful enough to control the unit from accross the room and adheres to the refrigerater ( magnet ) with my wife useing it to hang things . this is a thomson inc product ( purchased the ge & rca names several years ago ) that makes tv 's ect.i am very happy with the product and recommend it
i 've used allot of different adapters but this one is got to be the best ever . the linksys wpc54gx4 work with all routers , but when you pair it up with the linksys wrt54gx4 router look out , my range increased and i 'm getting upwards of 250mb of speed , setup is also a breeze
i purchased this dehumidifier to tackle my overly-humid house . i live in california , but my house is naturally very humid ( around 75 % on average ) . the humidity frequently gets up to around 80 % and above in the winter as verified with a hygrometer . mold was fast becoming a problem . i have used this dehumidifier for over two weeks now , and it is scary how well it works ! i placed it in the bedroom were the hummidity was at it 's highest , and it lowered my 15'x15 ' room from 75 % to 50 % in less than three hours ! it has a quiet fan that i have no problem sleeping with . the tank is easy to empty and it is light enough to move from room to room.i have not owned any other dehumidifiers before , so i have no basis of comparison , but i am in love with this one ! it was completely worth the price
i bought it in feb 2006 , never had any problem . occasionally it stops working and just restarting both the units ( sender and receiver ) fixes the problem . i am so satisfied i am buying another pair
this has got to be the easiest piece of tech i have ever set up . except for charging , it took under 5 minutes . it works as advertised . i use skypein and skypeout . my phone bill is now $ 68 a year instead of $ 384 . i also get voice mail for free with the skypein . call quality seems as good as ma bell . i was concerned with it being made by netgear , as i have had spotty luck with their products . i liked this phone so much , i just purchase another handset ( it can support up to 4 ) . this phone will pay for itself in a few months
im not a professional keyboard player . i bought this keyboard to have something to play around in with reason and guitar pro . it suits those needs great . its detects right away and withing minutes you will be playing . the keyboard itself is extremly small reminds me of a kids toy keyboard . if your looking for something more professional you will probably have to fork out the $ 100 bucks and get the bigger model .
this is a great laser pointer and the brighter wavelength of the green laser makes a huge difference . but to see the beam ( not just the dot at the end of the beam ) you need some sort of particles in the air for the light to bounce off of . using the laser pointer with a little dust or mist in the air will make the beam clearly stand out . and if you are wondering , no matter how bright your laser is , without particles in the air you wont see the beam . at concerts where they use the big argon lasers , they always have fog machines near them to give give the laser something to bounce its light off of
although i prefer the akg k701 for most of my listening , this competing entry from beyer is so close that it 's almost a coin toss . ( one recent comparison in a headphone artcle came up with a dead heat . ) this is surprising , considering that the dt880 is one of the most reasonably priced of the major mid-priced headphones . the bass is full but nicely textured - not a touch of bass bloat to be found here . the highs are detaied and never seemed sharp to me , and the overall sound offers a huge soundstage . instead of the music being on top of your , these beyers lend a perceived distance of a few feet ; ths makes classical music sound doubly elegant , and surprisingly makes rock music grandiose in an appealing kind of way . these headphones do n't require a headphone amp , but certainly profit from one . the 30 ohm version makes for more volume , though the 250 ohm version is standard , and best for most daily listening . the dt880 sounds great , but lacks a tad of the k701 's high-end sparkle . conversely , beyer 's value , comfort , and workmanship ca n't help but impress . this is a phone that has labored under the shadow of the akgs and the senn 650s , but listeners are always impressed by the dt880s sound . it may be your best value in a mid-priced , all-purpose headphone
this has a nice size screen . it only has 3 buttons.play pause and stop so if you like a dvd player without alot of pizazz this is it . i was trying to figure out how you picked the different scenes and you had to push the stop button . i just found this out by trial . there was a few times during the dvd that it would turn into digital . this would only last a second or two . at first i thought it was the dvd but its done it on all three of them . the volume control is on the side , as well as the power button . it could have a little higher volume but it was sufficient for me
very good product . small , easy to store . well worth the very reasonable price
great invention to those who do n't want to be attached to an ipod , and like an updated version of a `` juke box '' . easy to use , load , unfortunately however , it requires an receiving unit to broadcast the sound
i 'm not any expert in the computer world . but this product it is very easy to install . the range is very strong.i 'm very hapy with this product ! ! !
i have some doubts that this product gets anywhere near the 400ft range it advertises , but it works nonetheless , and really considering that my router is in the basement and on the other side of the house , i figure i ought to be grateful that it works at all . i do suffer from fairly frequent disconnections , but i suspect it 's related to where i have things in the house , no so much the product . in fact , i can usually view numerous wireless connections used by my various neighbors that this device picks up . install went quickly and easily on my winxp pro sp2 machine . it 's compact and conveinient to hook up to the desktop and laptops as needed . ca n't complain , especially for the price
i bought a zen 30g mp3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with . they hurt so much that i used head phones until these v-moda earbuds came in . they are awesome . the fit is so comfortable and the sound it wonderful . i got them on sale for less than they are running right now on amazon , so i feel pretty good about the purchase . =
being that the tv reception coming out of my vcr is always crappy , the first thing i did after getting my monster cable sv1/100-m a/v cable ( to test is out ) was plug one end it into my cable box 's a/v output jack , then plug the other end into one of my vcr 's a/v input jacks . the result ? the tv reception coming through the vcr was n't crappy anymore ! ! i ended up getting two of these a/v cables to hook up my sony dvd player to my tv via a terk vs-4 switch . the picture is phenomenal ! ! i plan to get two more soon to improve the reception from my vcr & my cable box . these a/v cable are worth every penny that you spend on them ! ! you ca n't go wrong with monster cable !
this is a great card for a laptop , however they need to correct their problems with the installer for xp . also to get thru to them for any help is a major challenge , took me 4 days to get thru on their 800 line . once you do get to them they fix the problem right away , seems they know it will not install correctly . then it works great
the product description is incorrect , usb 2.0 works fine on the newer macs that have such ports . it 's overpriced ; buy a gently-used one
i use this bag to carry my hp nc6000 business notebook . i have received many complements on this bag
this is a great product for a busy professional or grad student who gives their mac a lot of mileage . i 'm in law school , so i 'm constantly throwing my computer in my bag along with heavy casebooks , keys , and other junk . my old ibook survived tremendous abuse , and after two years looked like it had been through a war . the speck case protects the macbook 's shell and even the screen , in a roundabout way . normally , if you put a mac into a briefcase or bag with heavy books , the books will press against the shell , and the screen inside will press against the keys leaving dents and screwing the the lcd . the speck case is very stiff , so even the heaviest books and the worst abuse do n't push the screen onto the keyboard . plus , if you put a red case on a white mac , people will think you 're in some secret club that has access to red macs.cons : it 's next to impossible to remove the top case with two hands - you need a buddy to get it off . also , dust starts to collect under the bottom case ( static ? ) , so you need to take off the bottom monthly to clean . fortunately the bottom case is easier to remove for cleaning .
i am using this bag for school in which i need to carry 4 textbooks , a laptop ( 15.4 inch screen ) and a couple of notebooks . the pack has plenty of room for these items and still a couple of empty front pockets for additional gear . with all that weight , the pack is still comfortable to wear and has yet to bother my back
these dvds are probably the highest quality and most reliable that i have tried . and given their low price , what is there not to like ? i would recommend these to just about anyone
in comparison to the component cables , the quality is a little better . i do n't think i agree with those who say you must have hdmi cables to get a good picture , but i am extremely satisfied with the product and i do n't regret purchasing it . amazon 's price for this product is unmatched
totally agree with the other reviewers ' comments . originally , i was going to buy canon 's adapter for my powershot a640 not realizing it was plastic ! ! plus , even with shipping , this is still cheaper ( by 5 bucks ) and its metal ! fyi -- if you do n't have any filters ( like i did n't ) get tiffens 3 filter set 52mm ( circular polarizer , uv protector , and 812-warming len ) a good buy for the price -- i bought it because of the reviewers ' comments and do n't regret it
it costs 30 % - 40 % less than the canon la-dc58f conversion lens adapter and it 's metal , not plastic ... need to say more
i purchased 4 of these adapters ( 3 extra ) so i could hook up my macbook 's digital output for digital surround sound through my logitech speakers . the product works exactly as i expected ... great digital sound from my macbook . parts express did an excellent job of getting my order to me sooner than i expected ( ordered on a saturday , and they had the package to the courier by saturday night . ) very prompt service ... i would definitely order from them again . overall a great product from a prompt company !
i 've been looking for a pair of headphones like this for years . i 've used these for 8 months now and wear them almost everyday . i ride a motorcycle everyday and i never leave without these . first , the comfort is exceptional . even with my helmet on , i never get uncomfortable with these in my ears . i 've ridden 400 miles at a time without any problems . even when i need a break from the music , i leave these in because they do such a great job of blocking wind and bike noise . i 've used several other brands of canal earphones and none have been comfortable - tolerable at best , but most are painful with a helmet on . the `` bulb '' you see in the picture rests in the crook of your ear , so there is nothing extending past your ear to get crammed in deep . second , the sound quality is fantastic . great bass , mids , and highs . i 've heard things in my music i never knew was there and i ca n't wait to listen more . i ca n't recommend these enough . i 've bought a pair for my brother and may have to buy a pair for my wife because she keeps taking mine
excellant product , excellant price , hope to do business again , ty , for fast speedy shipment , a pleasure doing business with you
this really works , i have 3 zp100 's and 1 zp80 , using a nas for storage of my mp3 's . the whole thing hangs together perfectly . if you want to get music through your whole house this is a great way to do it . most importantly tech support is great ! ! !
wow ! i did n't trust the other review . i needed a mini amp , so i decided to bought this one , because of the price and of the dual purpose . right out of the box , it actually smell bacon ! ! amazing , it was true ! and not only that . if someone is trying to kick you out of your house because of the noise of your beloved amp , and do n't want to stop , this is the mini amp for you . ca n't believe the speaker in it . and , about the disto , well , is ok for practice . wo n't regret about it .
i have had this items before , in fact this is a replacement for one that was mounted on my motor home . the windshield had to be replaced and a new antenna was needed . works fine , just like the one before . a very eash purchase and fast delivery
i 've been using this nas for a month and it 's great ! the box is quite speedy with a maxtor ata 133 drive with a 16mb cache . i have it wired and it never disconnects and will transfer large files without hanging . got it up and working in around 40 minutes and have it set to incrementally back up my files . very slick ! i ca n't get the built in ftp server to work through my firewall but i think that 's a ports issue . all in all a great box
i wanted to be able to shoot lots over several days without dragging a laptop with me through multiple airports . i bought two and both worked fine , right out of the box . not the fastest card ever , but certainly large storage for the price
when i bought these i was mainly looking for a long enough cord to be able to put my mp3 player in my pocket . not only is the cord legnth great but so is the sound . i did n't expect the sound quality to be so good in such an inexpensive product . the cord also has a built in volume control so i do n't have to dig the player out of my pocket to adjust the volume . the buds are quite comfortable , i have worn them for hours at a time with no problem . i love these
i just purchased a mogo mouse , and i 'm *amazed* at how usable it is . i was extremely skeptical ( and probably would n't have bought one ) until i was able to try a colleague 's mouse and see for myself how comfortable it is . the one thing - and it 's a pretty big thing - is the lack of `` scroll-wheel '' technology . that 's a sorely missed feature in this mouse.that said , there are always trade-offs , but in this case that 's the only one . battery life seems great , usability is great , convenience is great ... just add the touch pad and it 'll be the mouse for notebook computer users !
when you look at the price , it may seem pricey but when you get the product , there is some serious engineering involved . the web reviews have all been favorable and this is the reason i bought an ergotron . the attention to detail is incredible . mounting the middle monitor is definitely a two-person job . other than that the installation was flawless . this is a very solid and well machined . kudos to ergotron . ( also these guys are serious about ergonomics -- 10 pages on how to set proper height for various installations . ) wonderful product - 5 stars . shipping from amazon was slow and behind schedule .
i am an it director and bought these for exercisers for my users . the outside is like a balloon , only much stronger rubber , and the inside is gel . when you squeeze them , the part that squeezes through your fingers changes color - it 's cool ! the resistance is very good and my users love them ! good product - great value and excellent quality
when you get these cartridges right out of the box they work great , but after you start to print out a lot of pictures you really notice the quality deteriorate . it really seems to run out of one color much quicker than the others . personally its usually red . it has caught me with my pants down a couple times , going to print out a project the night before its due , only to run out of red or blue ink . i would definetly suggest to always have an extra one around just in case
i use only the best products , not refills or other manufactures as i have had problems with print cartridges that have ruined my printers . the hp ink jet cartridges are the best . i will always buy them
this is a great case . i have had no problems with it , and works very well . it 's also very `` sexy '' if you want to put it that way , and looks really cool . only trouble i have is that when i open it sometimes , it 'll make a click sound because 2 pieces touch , but its very minor and does no damage . it 's a great item ! however , if you intend to bang your laptop around a lot , i 'd recommend one of those soft outer cases too , because this is not intended to protect the hard drive etc . just protect it from scratches and smudges . i recommend it highly
after ruining another pair of over-the-head headphones , i decided to check these out . they are actually on sale at 50 % off , and i 've just tried mine out . the audio is very sharp , especially with the base , though it seems to be not as loud as my old pair , i can just increase the volume to compensate . at $ 35 , this is a great deal . they feel great . the band that most headphones have presses down on your head , but not too much . it also folds down quite nicely , though it looks too brittle to be able to handle too much stress . have n't tried out the actual noise-cancellation feature , but if the rest of the headphone quality is consistent , then it will work just as well . it also comes with a carrying bag that can probably also hold your mp3 player , if you so wished . however , it easily fits into a jacket pocket . great , great , great design and comfort
this card works exactly as stated by startech . i bought two - one for a pc and one for a mac , popped 'em in and plugged in ipods , external hardrives , a scanner , and digital cameras and the cards worked perfectly . the pc needed a quick setup and the mac worked instantly ! and all at a great price ! ca n't figger out why you guys are having trouble
bought this player for its size ( sports ) and its napster compatibility . updated the firmware after having a rocky start ; but things seem a little more stable now . also seemed to shut off in cold weather when outside for long periods ( around 0 degrees celsius ) - odd behaviour - but mostly ok now that we are in the spring teens again . have n't found a case yet to protect from sweat . interface is what i expected - dead simple . no complaints for the price
i was ready to take this player back to the store ! i checked the sandisk web site and stumbled across a link to `` how to '' videos . this was the best thing i could have found . the videos walk through all the settings you need to configure on your pc to get the player to work for drag and drop , showing album art ... i had no idea my pc was set not to show hidden folders ! who would hide folders anyway ? nonetheless i now have a player loaded with music and am a happy customer . like others have said the photo option is not that great so do n't buy it for that . i mostly want it for working out so pics do n't make much of a difference to me . dh has a 30g ipod so if i wan na see graphics i can just borrow that lol ! i have over 250 mp3 formatted songs on the player ( and it 's full ) and will likely get a micro sd card so i can expand it a little bit.all in all , i do like this little player
excellent machine , great performance saved lot of time and desk space . great scanning speed and qualit
i have had other apc battery backup 's in the past , and the only negative comment about the product is the size and space required for the unit . given our power failures , brown out , and the high wind and storms in our area the apc does an excellent job . i have not only my desktop pc , but my scanner , printer and digital camera on the system and it has saved my equipment numerous time for the power surges and failures
i did a lot of research , not wanting to rush into anything and then regret it after seeing something else a week later . i was about to buy the newest 40 '' 720p samsung for $ 1899 ... then i stumbled upon this one at circuit city for $ 1999 and bought it on the spot ... paid about $ 50 for delivery and had it in my living room about three hours later . i 've had it a week now , and i love it . standard-definition picture quality is just okay , but are any of us buying these tvs to watch sdtv ? i get about 15 hd channels through my cable company , including all four major networks plus espn , espn2 and a couple music and movie channels . therefore , a majority of everything i watch is available in hd anyway . sdtv content still looks decent from the typical viewing distance of 10-12 feet . hd content looks awesome ( including black levels ) , and my cable provider broadcasts in only 720p . i can only imagine how good 1080p content is going to look once it becomes available . i 'm going to wait another year or two for the high-definition dvd format war to play out before i buy a blu-ray or hd-dvd player . but i 've watched standard-definition dvd on my xbox with this tv , and the picture is beautiful . i 'm sure high-definition dvd would look a little better in a side-by-side comparison , but you will not have any complaints watching standard-definition dvd on this tv . in short , this is an excellent tv , especially compared to other 1080p models in its size range . if you 're looking for something in the range of $ 2000- $ 2200 , this is the one you want . enjoy
there are over 100 reviews . i am not saying the same thing again . i just throw my rating in.all i can say is ... you will be better off if you completely learn how to master this calculator
i have been using this mouse at work since it came out . after many miles of use , the scroll wheel has finally started to fail . i can now spin the wheel several times before the screen actually scrolls . the best feature of this mouse is the battery life . a coworker who swears by his logitech mouse would change his batteries every couple of months , but i usually got at least ten months out of mine . i even took to dating the batteries when i installed them , just to rub it in.this mouse is a bit heavy and does not slide as well as some , but overall i would recommend it.going to try a rechargable logitech next time around
i do n't know where the guy below got that this card does n't work with windows media center edition because i just installed the latest xp drivers for the card on media center edition 2005 and it works perfectly . i sold my gigaport ag to get this because of the much better signal/noise ratio that the firewire audiophile has and it made a big difference . very clean sound ! i use it to dj with using mixvibes , using the asio drivers and it works beautifully ! a great buy to say the least ... pick one up , you wont regret it
we purchased this tv in dec of 2006 . we are very happy with it . it was very easy to plug and play ... had it ready in no time for holiday ... i would definitely recommed it to new buyers
it was easy ordering , easy delivery and satisfying outcome . love the tv
have only used it a couple of times in a month , and feel like i 've already justified the low cost . - should be fine for my intermittent use
first off ... i like this unit . it 's easy to use , and it does a fine job of taking your old lps and making cds out of them . all you need to do is place a blank audio cd into the deck ( it does n't work with regular data cds ) , hit the phono/aux button , followed by the record button and then after you place the needle on the lp ... take it out of pause . it starts recording instantly . between each song , hit a button and it break the recording into tracks . pretty cool ! it 's got great potential , but there are still a few shortcomings . for example , i was surprised to see that it does n't let you record off of the radio . just as surprising to me was the fact that the radio tuner was n't digital . it 's a pain in the neck having to fiddle with the dial to tune in to your favorite stations . you turn back and forth over and over like it was a radio from 40 years ago.i would n't mind the analog tuner too much if it at least had a handful of presets . this also makes the remote control somewhat useless too . oddly , the remote does have an am/fm button . they should just label it the `` radio '' button , because when you think of it , switching from am to fm or vice versa using the remote makes no sense at all because you would need to re-tune the station too , using the dial.another key point is that the unit does n't have any outputs at all . so you ca n't pipe the output from the turntable into your other systems or use any other speakers.i would rate this as 3.5 stars , but since we ca n't use half stars , i 'll give it 4 for one big reason ... . for all it 's shortcomings , it works , and there are very few alternatives.speaking of alternatives , here are a few other options.1 . a standalone cd-recorder . i have one of these too . the advantage of this type of deck is that it fits into your existing system like an old cassette deck . in my case , my stand alone unit has two drives , so not only can i record from any source in my system , but i can dub from one drive to the other . also , my deck can make mp3 cds from regular cds ( it 's easier than using a pc , however the song titles are just numbers ) . in my case , i opted not to use this for my lp projects , because i no longer have a turntable . i decided that as long as i needed a new turntable , i might as well pay a bit more for this unit.2 . crosley makes a simuilar unit , but it costs a bit more and the reviews i read seemed to point out that although it looks better , the turntable itself was flimsy and it skipped a lot.3 . a portable digital recorder like the ikey plus . i found one of these a few weeks ago and i love it . you plug your turntable or other external source into it ... plug a usb storage device into the port tap a button or two to decide the quality ( .wav vs several mp3 sampling rates ) ... viola ! it records directly to your flash drive , ipod or external hard drive . if you do go that route , make sure you get the `` plus '' model . the older model is outdated and does n't work as well.4 . use a pc . even though it will give you the best possible sound and options , it 's out of the question for me because i do not want to move my pc near my stereo every time i want to make a recording , nor do i want to move my stereo next to my pc ... or bog it down while i 'm trying to use it for that matter.keep in mind that if you record your cds using one of the stand alone decks , you can still clean up the hiss and pops by loading the cds you made into a pc afterwards , then filtering the files with your favorite audio software , then re-burn the files to cd or mp3 .
right price and works off of usb ! the sound is terrible on macbook so this will fill in nicely
i bought this cute little speaker from walmart ( 14 $ ) and it is so compact and very useful . it also matches with my other speakers of sony dream system.this has 4 usb ports ( so good when they stay on your desktop rather than on your pc sitiing down the table . ) . they are lighted , so that you can plug them in even night . speaker is good quality and it has one usb connection and one dc connection.quality of sound is good if not excellent . overall it is a great buy for the price .
works as advertised , i needed longer range and it provided , easy setup , stable connection
fast service and great price ! work great for about a mile or so but then i got them for shopping with my wife , she is at one end of the store and i am at the other
so i received my go-510 and expected it to work right out of the box . it powered up , great windshield adapter , no problems with the connections , bluetooth works perfectly , ipod controls - no problem . just one thing , no satellite fix ! ! it would not lock on - even after one hour in the open sky . i thought , here goes ... .bad tech support ... .ship it back ... but no . i called tech support , got through to a human ( very knowledgable ) in only 20 seconds . problem was fixed by upgrading firmware and the unit works perfectly . i read on many sites of the problems plaguing these units . apparently , they have all the bugs out because every aspect , every feature is cool and workable . the tomtom go-510 is highly recommended in my book and mad props to the tech support crew - way to roll
sent quickly and nicely packaged . these will do the job for those desiring a shorter recording program
this is my first experience with hdtv and wide screen . this 46 '' sony tv is excellent with hd programs ; with regular broadcasts , it is a bit muddy , but that is the fault of the signal , not the tv . i am very pleased with the overall quality of the set . i had the set professionally installed and set up , and i am sure glad i did : install and set up are not for amateurs like me ; if anything ever happens , i will be hard pressed to reset things . sony 's instruction manuals are not that great
my panasonic rv31k is five years old this month and after thousands of hours playing movies it works just as well today as when i first took it out of the box . panasonic makes quality products and just like anything else mechanical you can get a lemon . if this player ever dies ( cross my fingers ) i will get another panasonic . i choose mine after reading all of the reviews here and in epinions.co
the stick came in an excellent condition , and works perfectly . i recommend this product .
i had looked at numerous stands for my yamaha keyboard and did n't want to spend a ton of money for a professional grade stand ( at professional prices ) . with that in mind , the yamaha pkbx2 double x portable keyboard stand is a good choice at $ 29.99 . i had seen other stands that were not as sturdy ( single x stands ) and cost about the same price.tips for assembly : - do n't read the instructions , just look at the enlarged image of the keyboard on amazon and assemble the stand the way it 's shown.- the bolts for attaching the arms and legs come screwed in to the stand . use the ( included ) allen wrench to remove them.pros : - low price.- solid , sturdy stand.- works for just about any keyboard.- the stand 's height is fully adjustable , and can be done in several seconds - without having to unscrew anything.cons : - there is no way to attach a keyboard to this stand . no screws , bolts or straps are included , even though most ( including my yamaha ) keyboards have pre-drilled holes for screwing the board to a stand . the keyboard simply sits on top of the stand . i was very disappointed about this.- the included allen wrench did not work for one of the bolts . the bolt came screwed in to the stand way too tightly to be removed using the included tool . the allen wrench only stripped the bolt , it did not loosen it . luckily my husband had a better allen wrench of nearly identical size , and that one worked . without it , we would not have been able to loosen the bolt
elegant design , sturdy construction . supports my yamaha sy35 securely . after reading the forbidding reviews i decided to assemble it without first reading the directions . it took me 10 min
i 'm very happy with this device . the suction cup holds very securly . i would advise anyone who buys a satellite receiver to skip the adhesive mounting bracket that comes with it , it will come un-stuck eventually . just get one of these brackets and mount the radio right in the first place
if you like to listen to audio tapes you will like this one . replacing the provided headphones is a good idea . fm reception a little weak , but the tape play time on one aa battery is amazing . lightweight and good quality for the price
by far this is the best printer i 've had i been buying epson for many years if you like your pictures to have that pro photo look this the printer to own.the price is great delivery was very quick rec 'd it next day.when you buy epson you wo n't back .
came quickly and was exactly as offered . i am completly satisfie
i mean seriously , i 'm running a ubuntu box here . with other card-type things , sometimes i 'd have to modify or find drivers and wrappers for some stuff to work - not with this . i just slid it into the computer and wa-bam - makes my dvd player a bajillion times faster than it was before and just worked out of the box
i just purchased the archos 604 about 3weeks ago . so far so good . it interfaces very easily with the computer . though i have not tried it using windows media 10 yet . i recommend at least buying the archos docking adapter kit ( if you do not plan on using the archos to record programs ) . it allows you to charge the unit without the computer and also allows you to connect it directly to your digital camera to transfer photos.the only negative that i have so far is that the volume , at its highlest level , is difficult to hear on an airplane . you may need some noise canceling headphones
i ordered this for my teenage daughter for christmas and she loves it . the sound is great and the amplifier works well . for the price it plays like a much more expensive instrument . i recommend this to any new player wanting to learn the guitar
i received a pleasent surprise . the keyboard was shipped sooner than i expected , arrived in perfect condition and works beautifully . i will buy from this vendor again
it does work/live with dsl installed on the same line , ever heard of dsl filters ? too small ? are you kidding ? this phone is great all around
the price i paid for this spindle of cd-r 's was pretty good and have not had a problem yet . the only price that i have seen that beats this one was staples running a sale of 50 for $ 10 , but i have yet to use the stock that i bought as i still have about 25 left on the spindle . if you do n't want to wait for their sale , this is an excellent bargain . the print surface has done very well with the inks from my epson photo r-220
the case is nice , but i bought it thinking it would hold my folding keyboard . it was too small . the price was great , and the transaction was flawless
compact flouresecent bulbs will not fit this fixture unless you order special cf 's with extended bases . other than that , it ca n't be beat for the price and quality . adorama rocks
i enjoyed putting this together . the spacers kinda threw me until i realized you use 2 per pole under each corner of a shelf . i got it assembled then my daughter pointed out that the dvd shelves were n't spaced properly [ cd sized ] so i had to take it apart and redo it , but that was n't too bad . the spacers snap apart easily enough , even for my feeble fingers . it 's not terribly sturdy [ maybe i did n't get the poles screwed down tightly enough ] but as long as it 's in its permanent location , holds the multimedia well . i really like the way it looks . bought this item for my teenager and will have to get myself one , too :
the amd ahtlon 64 venice processor is great . installed into my new gigabyte mb without a hitch and runs very cool . that will give up some room for future overclocking . overall i would highly recommend the processor . by applying for their credit card , i received a really low price from amazon which was very surprising . about $ 170.00 with free shipping and no tax . everyone else was $ 200- $ 230 for the same processor . it is a great cpu at a good price from amazon
i looked at all the different cases for my new ipod with video , and the reviews kept pointing me back to this case . so i bought it . it exceeds my expectations . it 's fantastic.my ipod is now completely contained and scratchproof . this helps when down the road i might want to sell it.the screen cover is perfectly clear and seems very durable . i like the fact that it 's held off of the ipod 's screen so it wo n't scratch . the clickwheel is easily usable , actually more so because of the circle around it.i bought the case on amazon from sonicswap and am astounded at how fast i got it . 2 days ! amazing.this case is for the 60gb ipod with video . it clearly says that in the title ; not sure how that one reviewer got confused about that.do n't hesitate . this is the case
i gave my son a garmin 60c for christmas last year . tinkered with it for a couple of days before handing it over . it worked well . of course i wanted one for myself , but cash is cash , so i 've been putting it off . ( side note - i wanted to borrow it for a trip this past spring , and when they went to get it , it had been stolen from their car map-pocket . it seems these are high-theft items ; keep'em on a short leash . ) my wife had n't gotten me any `` big '' christmas gift , so i told her i knew what i wanted , and started shopping . i debated between the explorist 500 and 600 . chose the 600 , with its altimeter and thermometer . probably could have lived without them , but hey , it 's christmas ! it came yesterday , so i charged it a bit , and then it had no trouble finding 4 satellites under my deciduous tree cover . i had to go out to the street for the garmin to find satellites . took it out for a spin today . spot-on navigation as i ran errands . it tracked back almost to the exact spot i had marked for home , though it had me driving down the wrong side of the street on that portion of my route that was a duplicate - so it 's off by a few feet . ( maybe it still thinks it 's in britain ? ) now - why only 4 stars ? 1 ) the usb connector can attach to the unit either way . there 's no instructions anywhere to say which way it should go . i called the 800 # and spoke with someone ( in new delhi ) who had heard this a lot . she told me what to do , and the pc immediately recognized the gps file system - as a removable disk drive , as advertised . i really find their website information near-zero . something as elementary as this should be covered on a website after the 3rd call , eh ? 2 ) i bought the mapsend 3d topo software . i am interested in elevations . and it has detailed street maps . but - they 're not routable ! if you want routable streets ( where the unit will route you along streets and not just a crow 's flight direct path ) for following in a car , then either you have to get both map products , or choose . it 's rather frustrating . and the sales information provided on amazon and the magellan sites does not make this critical lack very clear . it tells you what you can do , but not what you ca n't and there 's no product comparison to see what the differences are . on the mapsend topo box , it says very clearly , `` navteq roads and streets data - like that found in the most expensive car navigation systems ( non-routable ) '' . er , excuse me , then it 's not quite like that found in expensive car systems , is it ? i concur with other reviewers who find the software selection verbiage ( on amazon and magellan ) more obfuscating than informative . why ca n't someone create a simple comparison chart for all the various map packages
this card is one of the best , the graphics are very high ! i play games at full specs , needs a big chassis because generates heat , i did bought a tt armor and my system works better , easy installation .
not a bad product , but has very little bass response and the weather channel does not come in very well , no matter where the antenna is positione
i have been using a lot mouses during last years , but this is the best far away from the others.it 's very comfortable to use it ... ..
i compared it with low cost monoprice and high cost monster cable . i picked up 10 ' cable for about $ 70.00 from amazon few months ago . it 's been working pretty well . no complains so far and i like the thinness of cable .
this 23 '' lcd hdtv has excellent image quality and looks really stylish , too . it also comes with hdmi so you can hook up the latest hd video source such as hd-dvd or blue-ray hi-def dvd players . the lcd panel itself displays vivid , evenly-lit images , and ghosting appears to not be a problem on this model.i personally ended up opting for the sharp ld-23sh1u hdtv lcd monitor because the sharp works as pc/mac monitor ( plus j & r started offering a $ [ ... ] rebate ) . but i think this panasonic is a great choice , too , no doubt about that
i purchased this so my pc could share a monitor with my xbox360 . does the job at a cheap cost ! so easy to use that my 4 yr. old can use it
i 've had this phone less than a week , but i have been pleased with it 's performance so far . the set up was somewhat tricky , as many , if not all skype addresses use a period in the address . none of the literature showed how to find the period . by accident i noticed it was available on the 1 button . after discovering that , the installation went flawlessly . if one is already familiar with the use of the alpha/numeric keypad , one would have no problems . if one is learning on this phone with the literature provided , one needs help . the phone has worked well with both the landline , and the skypeout alternatives . i 'm pleased enough that i 'm buying two more as the equipment will accomodate up to four phones .
this is just great . lots of storage for data files and pictures . allows me to keep my file with me where ever i go . no additonal software required , just plug it in the usb port and you have instant files , fast and easy to use . small in size but big in storage . i give it 5 stars
code length of this product is very small . i had to buy an extention cord.the sound quality is not bad
turns out i do n't like in-ear ear phones . the sound on these is good , though the bass is a bit much in my opinion . the in-ear style makes me feel deaf to the outside world . if you do like this style , these are pretty good .
these are the only reliable disks i have found . i began a collection of friends on my dvd-rws . i have over 25 disks full so far and only had minimal problems with 1 or 2 disks . i rewatch all my favorite episodes , of which i have over 100 and have no problems . these are the best
with over 3 hours recording time , these are great . i use them for meetings . no problems or errors
to my eyes , the printer 's rendition of colors is above average . it is n't horrible but neither is it the best . pricewise it 's an excellent deal with the 64mg of memory and the duplex feature . we 've been using this hp quite a lot to generate mailing labels via tray 2 ( the default paper supply ) and have n't any problems . the manual ( electronic file ) advises `` never print on the same sheet of labels more than once or print on a partial sheet of labels . '' so it 's a pity that the rest of a multiple mailing label sheet has to be tossed for just one label . a wonderful quality of experience is the near `` instant on '' ( very minimal warmup ) feature and it 's quiet . my previous okidata c5300 was a noisemaker and was turned on only just before printing . its time delay was also a disadvantage . i think most people will be very happy with the hp . [ ...
i got the canon cp400 printer a while back so i could make the occasional print to hand out ( or put silly captions on `` bad '' christmas party photos ) .i do n't know how the printer manages to keep the image aligned as the paper goes in and out 4 times ( yellow , magenta , blue , and the clear coat ) but when it drops it out , i have a pretty nice print , complete with address lines and a stamp outline on back ( plus canon logo of course ) - suitable for mailing as a postcard . about 1/2 '' of each end gets removed after printing as it is used for traction of the rubber roller in the printer.i frequently print 3 shots vertically on a 4 x 6 card as sort of a mini proof sheet . i 've also used the 4 x 8 size to print 2 side by side.fun stuff
this is a great printer for those who want to print on 12x12 scrapbook pages . it works well with heavier ( cardstock ) paper . it also prints great photos . i have a mac i-book . i also use the print shop 2 program with it . it gives me great versatility with my pages & photos
my criteria for my new printer purchase was:1 . 11x172 . individual inks3 . reliable printer company4 . easy installation/good customer service5 . price ( this was a bit pricey but the next step up was not a choice ) so far for my needs this has been a great printer so far . it does great quality prints for photos , school projects and more . i wanted to have more versatility to make posters , labels , photos , etc ... my last hp wide format printer ( 1200c ) lasted for over 5 years and i took it everywhere . i have only had this for a few motnhs but it has n't been a disappointment yet
hp officejet pro k850 : initial impression : setup is easy : documentation : clear and concise : did not use cd , downloaded full software package from hp 's site : installation on windows xp with deskjet 5550 connected , without issue : all functions available : trial printings ' on letter and 11 x 17 without issue : quality as advertised : networked using linksys wireless : drivers installed on 2 dell ( win xp ) laptops , over network , without issue . test printings over network without issue . our print test consists of business graphics , text , manuals and genealogy ( family ) trees . printing is quick with low noise . b
its a great graphics card , especially for the price . i got it to improve roller coaster tycoon 3 and it did . but the controls arent as clear as they could be for the anti-aliasing settings and the anisotropic filtering
the only thing i will say about the bdp-s1 is that it is top quality.picture and sound quality are top-notch , but everything really depends on the software.now , if you are undecided about which camp to follow ( blu-ray or hd dvd ) , i 'm here to tell you that blu-ray will win.you see , i have both blu-ray and hd dvd.i have about 20 hd dvd movies and about 20 blu-ray movies . in terms of picture and sound quality , they are the same , but it is completely dependant on the software.but here is where the similarities end.1 ) blu-ray is more durable . the bd movie discs have scratch-resistant coating . they do n't scratch unless you forcefully scratch them.on the other hand , the hddvd movies scratch like heck . i put all of my movies in a cd case . i recently noticed that all the hddvd movies are scratched , but none of the blu-ray movies are scratched . these are stored in the same cd case by me . i am extremely careful . none of my movies even have a fingerprint on them . so when i see scratches on 100 % of my hddvd movies , that really upsets me ! ! ! ! ! 2 ) blu-ray costs less to buy.what ? superman returns bd is $ 24 , superman hddvd is $ 28 . the departed bd is $ 24 , the departed hddvd is $ 28.now the hddvd dual format has both a standard dvd and hddvd movie , but who in their right mind would want to buy an hddvd to watch a 480p picture ? right now you can get a $ 500 ps3 or $ 400 toshiba hddvd player . later this year , sony will come out with a $ 300 blu-ray disc player . hddvd will most likely drop their prices . so the hardware will cost the same in both formats.3 ) blu-ray has more capacity.for less money , you can get a 50gb blu-ray movie versus a 30gb hddvd movie.and what if in 5 years they develope super high-definition 1920p picture and super hi-def 8.1 dts-hd sound ? what if this requires 75gb or 100gb ? hddvd can go up to 51gb.peace .
so far , so good ! only takes up 1u in our rack . this product arrived in good shape and on time . setup was a breeze . right now we only have 2 servers connected to it , but switching between them is no problem , so i do n't foresee a problem when we add 4 more.-kevi
i hva tried alll kinds of stuff on the ipod , and this is th eonly one that got rid of all the scratches . thanks for a fantastic product
i ca n't remember when i felt so good about an online purchase . the product is more than i expected for the money and the quick service just awed me ! i will definately be doing business through amazon many , many more times in the future ! thank you
use original epson brand ink , the heads in the epson printers it 's in the printer itself not in the ink cartridge , it dosent worth saving some dollars and ruing the printer
i bought this printer to print my shipping labels faster . it 's easy to use ! it prints very fast.print quality is excellent . changing diferent type of labels is easy too . i highly recommend this printer
everything about the sonos worked as advertised . it was a snap to set up and it is slicker than i anticipated . the interface is commonsense and well thought out . it is the only decent solution for tying together multiple discrete sound systems within a house to play the same music simultaneously . you can also play different music , all obtained from the same computer source or internet radio . it is one of those rare products that instead of disappointing actually packs many pleasant surprises
the xmb-10 is a great way to listen to my xm audiovox receiver at home . the boombox is slightly larger than i desired , but the sound is great , it 's easy to use , lightweight , very portable and nice looking .
i agree with the comments posted here . like most of us , i was interested in the bose sound yet put off by the prestige price . even on e-bay the going price ended up being around $ 400 -- for a used older model . so i did some research and stumbled upon a nice comparison-shopper article that put the bose up against several competitors , including this high-end teac . i have to say that i 'm entirely satisfied.the chrome retro look is quite appealing , and the model has a couple of features that , for me , beat out bose entirely . i wanted a top-loading door like the old bose models but also the ability to play mp3 like the new ones , and this gave me both . the sound and punch is remarkable . at flat setting , it is a bit bassy , that 's true , but you get a -5 to+ 5 range for both bass and treble adjustment : i set mine at -3 and +1 respectively and am very happy with the sound in my bedroom . input and alarm functions are limited but not problematic . 10 presets can be cycled though quickly enough , and just remember to set it to a station ( or load a cd ) that you 'd want to be woken up to before calling it a night ! teac customer service i ca n't comment on , but i bought a reconditioned unit from an amazon seller for less than $ 100 , including shipping . a sweet deal for a sweet machine .
i did n't want to fork over 500 for a bose or boston acoustics , or even 350 for a cambridge soundworks , and then i found this little gem , for about 175 + shipping . i 've had it for a few days , and so far i am impressed.the sx functions are very intuitive , easy to set the time and both alarms . i thought it was extremely innovative to have the button that sets the time located inside the cd player compartment , no more accidentally changing the time instead of the alarm ! the alarm buttons themselves will illuminate when they are activated , which is great . the buttons themselves have a nice click when you press them , and the cd , am/fm tuner , and aux buttons will glow when they are active . the volume control and tuner knobs are recessed , but this keeps the player from having any unsightly bulges i suppose . the snooze/sleep button is a good size . the sleep function can be toggled for 90 , 60 , or 30 minutes.the range of the speakers is great when you consider the size of the sx . the speakers measure about 2.5 inches , and with the volume turned up , you can definitely feel the air being pushed out of the bottom of the unit . i like that it has adjustable bass and treble , which can vary from -5 to +5 . i have the bass set to +3 and treble to +2 and it sounds great . it does n't have the range of say a home entertainment system , but definitely rivals my sony bookshelf system.the mp3 player on the sx could be better , but is adequate . during playback , the lcd will scroll to display the filename , title , artist , and track . it can be programmed for up to 64 tracks , but i have n't had the time or patience for this . instead , i just numbered the mp3 tracks in the order i wanted before burning them to the cd-rom . the repeat function works well , and you can choose either to repeat one track , repeat all tracks , or repeat just one folder . however , the shuffle function is rather limited , as it has only one setting which is to randomly play an mp3 from any of the folders ( resulting in less than desired combinations of music ) , and it stop playing music after each song from all the folders has been played once.one of the things i looked for in a clock radio is an auxilliary input mini-jack , and it also has a jack for headphones . i have my laptop on my nightstand right now , and it playing mp3s on winamp sound great plugged into the sx.there are only 2 levels of brightness for the backlit lcd . the default level can not be changed or dimmed , and is rather bright in a dark room.. it will make everything glow . takes a little while to get used to , but is not say brighter than a typical nightlight i guess . it is a bit hard to read at night because the numbers are so small , and the brightness of the lcd can kind of drown out the analog display , but then again i wear glasses so i suppose i have nothing to blame besides my bad eyes . when the radio or cd player is in operation , the dial becomes significantly brighter but it can be toggled to the lower/default level with the dimmer button on the remote control.one other thing about the unit was the lack of a battery backup , and you will notice this is the case with many japanese units , including the sony clock radios . i guess the power grid in japan is really stable , so they do n't have use for this , but still , it would be nice if there was an option for a backup 9 volt battery . on the other hand , i was informed by teac tech support that the unit does contain a capcitor which will retain the time and alarm for `` up to 3 hours '' . i have n't had the time to test the maximum threshold , but i can say that i did unplug the clock for about a minute , and when i plugged it back in , sure enough the time and alarms were still correct.overall i am really impressed by this unit . the only thing that could be better is if the mp3 player shuffle had a few more options , but i guess this is ok as many i have seen mp3 clock radios without any shuffle function at all ! also , i wish the lcd backlight could be adjusted a little more . it is a bit pricey at just under 200 , but i have heard many clock radios , and you would have to spend 350+++ to get anywhere near the sound quality of the teac sx
i got this for my wife to use in the kitchen and she loves it . the unit is beautifully designed , fun to use and has amazing sound for something so small . my only gripe is that the tuner is not very strong . i live in a tough area for reception , and there 's slight static on my favorite stations . the fm antenna attachment that comes with the unit helps quite a bit , but the reception is still not totally clear.that being said , i 'm glad i got it , and when my wife 's happy , i 'm happy
this is an excellent power conditioner and voltage stabilizer , all in one.this unit can protect your sensitive high end audio system , computers , and video moniters , from ... .everyday , power surges , power sags , over voltages , and brown-outs.these surges , pick away at your sensitive equipment..taking years off their useful life ... i own and highly recommend , this unit
i 've had hp and lexmark printers in the past . this canon outshines both of the other brands . it is super easy to install without any troubleshooting . works like a charm . the prints looks great
i use my lx4 2.1 system as my desktop pc speakers . i got this recommendation from maximum pc , since the lx4 5.1 system was 2005 's best speaker system . you can view their gear of the year review here : http : //www.maximumpc.com/2005/12/m-audio_studiop_1.html . being skeptical of a $ 550 5.1 system with only 27 watts to each satellite , i wanted to start slow and only ordered the 2.1 system . as soon as i purchased cables ( fyi : no 1/8 '' stereo to two 1/4 '' mono cables seem to exists -as far as i 've seen -- , so you have to use adaptors ) i was blown away by the crisp flowing sounds of the speakers . i was n't used to speakers with crossovers , where only the each type of speaker ( tweeter , woofer , and sub ) gets the right frequencies , so no overlapping exists . all the sounds are crystal clear and the housings is very dense and resilient , while the speakers themselves are of superb build quality . after only a few hours of listening to many kinds of music and playing sound-intensive games , i immediately hopped back online and ordered myself the 5.1 expander setup.if you are looking for speakers that play really loud , or can fill a living room with the desired feel for an action movie , these are not for you . but if you want incredibly accurate pc speakers or relatively cheap studio monitors this is definitely the setup for you . you will not be disappointed if you buy the lx4 for your bedroom or for computer use
amazing sound comes from these tiny inexpensive headphones . the different size buds are very comfortable and help produce the deep bass sound once you find the pair the fit your ear . when i first got them i put the smallest buds on first and thought i had just bought the worst headphones . so i tried the largest buds and found they fit very comfortably and because of the seal they created in my ears they acted as an air tight bass box improving the sound ten fold.and just let you know i ussualy cant wear earbud headphones because they hurt my ear holes or they just do n't fit righ
i reserved the 5th star rating for this unit as i have n't authored or copied very many dvds with it yet . however , what i have accomplished with it is commendable . i can copy an entire commercial dvd ( movie + all the extras ) under 50 minutes . i have composed a slide show dvd with my own mp3 background music selections and am quite pleased with it.so far , no coasters . i am now in the process of producing dvds of my old 8mm home movies . the converter is giving me more problems than anything . still recommend the px-755uf for anyone interested in an external burner . installation was a snap ( plug-n-play )
these fit over everything very well , and they stayed put without stretching out , which is why my original pads fell off . i guess it 's one of those products that you ca n't do much better than $ 10 for , but maybe they could give you double the number of pads or something..
i would give a high recommendation for this tv . it is the perfect size for a bedroom especially if you 're not looking to overwhelm the room but you just want something to watch a late night movie , the morning or evening news , or the late shows in high def . dvd player works great and really completes the package as it seems not to increase the size of the tv at all . the picture is outstanding and is n't that what really matters in the end ? ? ! ! the only little annoying thing concerns what would have been a great feature but has a big limitation - the tv has an auto-on feature so that you can use it like an alarm clock but it requires that you select a channel on which to tune the tv once it goes on . it you are use the hdmi as i am to get signal from your cable box , you must have the tv input mode set to hdmi but you ca n't set the auto-on to the hdmi input ( it must be a channel number ) . the engineers just did n't think that one through all the way . oh well , still a great tv
got this drive a few weeks ago for an apple power mac g4 cube.the g4 cube has no fan so drive noise can be very obvious . thought the original drive was quiet until this drive was installed . this drive puts the original drive to shame with how quiet it is . unbelievable . do n't even hear the drive spinning up when the machine comes out of sleep.disc access is barely audible from a distance of 6-8 inches from the cube and is totally non-existent more than 12 inches from the cube.will not hesitate to buy seagate barracuda drives for all future machines.the 5-year warranty is a winner.highly recommend this drive for its silence , speed , cost and warranty
i used these speakers ( 4 ) as part of my 7.1 channel theater and i used the hti 55 center channel plus the hti 8 '' ceiling to finish off my system . i have a denon 2307ci pumping these speakers and let me tell you , i ca n't even crank up the system to the highest as these speakers rock my entire house from the basement ! ! ! these are the best in wall speakers i have ever bought ! ! ! ! buy them now before they 're all gone ! highly recommend
the chip works just as advertised . i have had no problems with it , it was easily formatted to my kodak camera , and it stores a huge amount of pictures and video , either about 280 pictures or almost an hour of video . great product , i would recommend it for anyone looking for a lot of storage space for a good price
we now have three of the k850 printers in use , one with a built in print server , second paper tray , and duplexer . so far , the printers have proved to be reliable , fast , and comparatively inexpensive to operate . power on , pre-print , and post-print noise may be objectionable to users who are located close to the printer.capable of using the same hp 10 black and hp 11 individual color ink cartridges , as well as replacement print heads as the hp business ink jet 1100d and hp business ink jet 1200d , the k850 shares the same low , per page operating cost as the 1100d and 1200d printers . full page color photographs print in roughly 32 seconds , with a roughly eight second delay prior to the start of printing ; similar prints from other printers may require from one to five minutes to print the same full page color photograph . white horizontal lines were present in the full page color photograph , possibly indicating that one or two of the nozzles in the print heads , shipped with the new printer , are defective.the printer handles paper sizes up to 13 '' x 19 '' , so it easily handles b size ( tabloid , 11 '' x 17 '' ) paper commonly used for small engineering prints and foldable newsletters . the printer software installs without problem , although a reboot will likely be required . for network capable k850 printers , the software install automatically finds k850 printers on the network , and adds a `` hp standard tcp/ip port '' to the computer configuration for communication with the printer . for non-network capable k850 printers , both usb and parallel port connections are supported.positives : * uses ink that is compatible with other printer models , helping to keep operating costs down . * fast printing for full page color , and even faster black printing with spot color . * large format color printing , which is helpful for quick generation of engineering prints . * nearly idiot proof print cartridge replacement - light turns on to indicate the color that needs to be replaced , printing stops automatically , user replaces ink cartridge , and printing continues . * separate ink cartridges and print heads means less aligning of print cartridges/heads after ink cartridge replacement , larger capacity ink cartridges , and lower operating cost.negatives : * minimal install of hp software from the cd requires at least 100mb . * low capacity hp 13 print cartridges ship with the printer . * power-on , pre-print , and post-print noise , just like the business ink jet 1100d and 1200d . however , there is very little noise produced while printing . * cheap plastic cover over the print cartridges , similar to that used on the 1200d . * large footprint
works great.had to remove the brown plastic fitting from the antenna wire that encased the actual metal connector to the cradle.other reviews pointed this out so it was n't a big deal , just had to be done carefully .
everything works great . the only marginal issue is that the batteries do n't last a full eight hours . it works in the car but cuts in and out.guess i have to break down and buy the car kit
i bought this mount for a philips 42 '' plasma tv . the tv weighs probably about 100lbs . i thought the price for it was ok , but i do n't know how much an average mount would cost and think the price i paid was pretty good compared to some other mounts . the mount was put on our living room wall by a `` handy man '' because i did n't have a stud finder . he was able to to put the mount on the wall very easily and the assembly was pretty basic . the mount sits very well secured and the frame of the mount is very durable and strong which leaves me with a good sense that my investment is properly secured . the 5o tilt function is very nice to have and is being used so the tv sits a little high , but is aimed perfectly and adds a nice presentation to the house . the room for the input cables is a little small , and causes some cables to be bend a little close to the connector than i would like to see but have n't noticed any degradation in the signal . none of the cables so far look damaged and will remain that way , so its not of a concern . i took the cables and made a 1 '' `` trunk '' of cables with the power cable and all and video inputs and it seamlessly hangs down the middle to a cabinet with all the accessories . the tv sits very close to the wall which was a key characteristic of the project even with the 5o tilt . i rate this item with 5 stars because it is very well made and very strong . it also looks nice and stays well hidden . its features with the 5o tilt work great and the locking bar makes removing the tv easy ( i had to take it off the wall to trunk the cables ) . i am very very happy with it and would definitely recommend this product
i bought this product to hang a 42 '' lcd.i am pleased with this mount but there are some concerns . the mount is only 32 '' wide . the `` virtual axis '' tilt is basically a clip that can be added on to obtain a 5 degree tilt which working perfect for me . there are only two tilt options with this mount , vertical ( hugs wall nicely ) and the 5 degree . being 32 '' wide you will not hit 3 studs if they are 16 '' centers . make sure you get at least 2 studs . my experience is this mount does not support vesa 400x800mm pattern . 800mm is ~31.5 inches and the brackets can not be spaced more than ~30 apart . my tv did have another attaching pattern but i had to use the m5 bolts ( provided with mount ) . i would feel safer if this mount did support the 800 spacing where i could use the thicker m8 bolts . a 42 '' lcd is n't going to weigh as much as a 50 '' + tv , so take that into consideration . i am still pleased with this product as it is very sturdy .
my dad and i installed it in just an hour ! it was very . you ca n't beat this price . i found the same mount at best buy for over $ 200 ! ! !
great soundcard ! i noticed in battlefield 2142 that i can hear the sounds of footsteps behind me better . i 'm not getting knifed as often ( which is a very good thing ! ) i 'm glad i got this card
this is absolutely the best mp3 i have ever owned . what makes it the best ? 1 . 16 million color 2.5 lcd touchscreen . 2 . battery life is too good to be true . 52 hours audio 10hr video.3 . the best sound , it has how much tweaks , its sick . you can slowdown a song or make it sound like the chipmunks . has bbe , wide stereo , enhancement stereo etc.4 . the volume is sooo dam loud . i had a zune and the volume level was at 20 , the lourdest it could go . the d2 level is 50 and at 30 it sounds as high as the zune.5 . you can encode avi video bitrate at 1.5mbps.also have wmv which you can encode at 768kbps.6 . no need to install to transfer files , it works like a usb flash drive.7 . you can change backgrounds and if you put a black background and your text is black , you can change the text color to 20 difference colors or make you own.8 . the touchscreen is smooth and flawless . when playing music it tells you the info of the file . example bitrate info , hz etc . something that is lacking on the big boys . 9 . has tv output , also has a recorder to record conversations.10 . can view .txt files.11 . can view pics at very high pixels.12 . fm tuner , you can record from the fm radio . you can set the bitrate from low to 256kbps.13 . has a sd slot for more storage . get a 8 gig sd for a total for 12 gig . imagine in 2 years when they have 20 gig sd.14 . great support , firmware updates are always available.plus sooo much more
this particular cam has some issues but as long as you understand how to configure it , it will blow you away . i 've heard people complain about dlink and they do have to get on the ball with tech support , autually their tech support sucks but i do n't need them . this is not a plug and play device so study the online manual carefully . when you actually learn how to use it , you wo n't buy anything else for the price . if you are tech savey , you will really enjoy the product . i have nine cams installed at three locations . using their ip software you can view upto 16 at once . the reason i 'm back , on this site , is because i need to order two more . i did have to return my first one but it was a pre-production unit and somebody forgot a timing gear . dlink sent my replacement direct . the oldest cam has worked flawlessly for a year now . one last comment , the next closent cam is a panasonic but for equal quality you will pay 50 % more with less features
i like this printer . there a few minor quarks , but it 's fast and the prints come out good . the one thing to watch for is making sure the ink tape cartridge stays tight . if it 's lose it will start making bad prints . it takes less than minute to pull the cartridge out , tighten it and start printing again.i am also using this with the mac osx os . though the device says it will only work with pc and mentions something about the casio cw utility for use on a mac , but no where on the casio site could i find the mentioned utility . after some searching i cam e accross this : [ ... ] this allows the cw-100 to work fine on a mac . though i have never seen the pc software that comes with printer , i have read that this mac version does not have all of the text formating options . this is enough to get around , since you can make a jpg version of your label , put that in the print area and print away . the jpg can be what ever image/text you want . resolution is great too . i print at 300dpi.all in all , i found this to be a great purchase . i make music and do not have the money to send out to have my cds done . this print has more than paid for itself by allowing me to make professional looking cds and very little cost . great the diyer
if you 're an anti-commercial radio type this tuner will probably not win you over . if however you do n't like paying a monthly charge for satellite radio and you want something more than just standard am/fm you might like this tuner . many stations in the top 50 cities have stations transmitting hd signals . the quality of hd is most amazing on quiet passages in classical music , there is no noise at all , very quiet . you do notice ! the hdt-1 is quite sensitive . it will pull in stations that other tuners wo n't , and i 'm not even talking about the hd2 streams that the stations are starting to feature . clear channel for all the bashing people do of them is doing a great job with hd . their stations sound good and most of the fm 's are doing hd2 , a few have some interesting formats not heard on most am/fm stations . i hope the get even more adventurous . my only disappointment is you need a strong signal to get hd to lock in on am or fm . i do n't believe that to be a fault of the tuner , it 's the hd system and just like fm did i 'm sure it will improve ( ask someone over 50 about fm drift ) . i give it 5 stars , it 's not perfect but for the price it 's very good and for a first generation product i do n't think it could be better than this
this is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase . one of the most useful things i have ever bought for business travelling . very well made . i would give it 5 stars if it was a little less expensive
very solid , nice looking shelf , easy to assemble with good instructions and all required pieces included . it 's exactly as i expected it
i have been enjoying these speakers outside by my pool for several months now , and the quality of the sound is excellent , particularly given the reasonable price . i 'm sure you can get better performance , but it will cost much more . these speakers are a rare find in today 's business world -- something that is actually a good deal ...
i must admit , the first review posted here on the d320 mademe a little nervous . my experience is quite different , andafter several months of ownership i am quite pleased.i 'll give a point by point rebuttle to the initial review , asthat 's the only point of reference ( so far ) :1 ) yes , pick up a usb cable,2 ) printer driver installation on win98 essentially required no user intervention . with winxp however , i do seem to recall having to muck with it more , but i 'm hazy on the details now,3 ) i have printed scores of multi-page documents , many over 15 pages without any problems whatsoever . i 've had no spills or jams of any kind,4 ) i have not seen any `` paper-curl '' problems whatsoever , 5 ) i leave the paper cassette lid/manual-feed slot in place at all times as i have no problem with it . for doing many two-sided copies , it is indeed easier to place the copies back into the paper cassette . but that 's my experience with any copier i 've used.6 ) making two-sided copies is easy and as efficient as i expected . i 've simply experienced no problems.7 ) i 've experienced no copier caused misalignments . if my copies have been crooked , it was because i set them on the glass improperly.i am very happy with this unit . it copies as i expect it to , and prints just the same : quickly and without event . it 's beenable to properly print from all windoze applications i 've thrownat it , and ones many users may not even be using , such asghostscript , acrobat , securecrt , paf , and all image viewingsoftware i 've tried . and i 've got several machines networkedtogether ( win98 and winxp ) that can all print to the d320 fineusing printer sharing.btw , the d320 comes with a full , 3500 page toner cartridge too , not a starter unit as with some printers/copiers
i struggled between this and the shure e2c . i decided on the e2c , after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3 . this one has the least clarity , but wonderful bass . if i do n't listen to as much classical music , i 'd definitely pick vmoda vibe . it makes even terrible pop songs sound cool.i had to reject it because wearing it was not comfortable for my left ear at all for some reason , and i had an extremely hard time putting it in , even with the help of my bf . the vmoda did not come with any foam , only the silicon ear pieces . i settled on the less bass but more clarity and more comfortable e2c
this is by far the best radio i 've ever had for singing in the shower . no more fumbling and messing with the dial while i 've got soap in my eyes ... 10 fm presets , 5 am presets and 5 tv presets + weather , i 'm always able to find something good to listen to . it works great for when i 'm out in the yard doing some work as well .
the maps are good enough for navigation of streets and outdoor adventures . it allows downloading tracks and waypoints from the gps , editing them and saving to files or the gps . it is annoying to have to put the last cd in your drive to use the program
i was programming an ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself . i went to the store to get some info on the ipod , and luckily the departments store i frequent did n't carry the unit , but offered the zune . i came straight home , did my reasearch , and ordered on the same day . the zune is far more superior than any ipod model that i have either read about or experienced for myself . and a much better deal moneywise . i must say that you should n't get a zune unless you are running a windows version with sp2 or higher , for any other ver . wo n't recognize the unit . i had a pc w/sp1 and media center 2002 , so i thought i was in trouble . against my initial thoughts on sp2 , i went ahead and upgraded , and have n't had any problems yet . the sound is great , videos are decent , and the software is very user friendly . i would check out the other models of media players , especially the archos brand , for they have a bigger screen and hard drive . but for audio and a few videos , this unit is worth the money
i recently purchased the item and knew that some assembly was required . i did n't know that i would be soldering components onto a printed circuit board . that 's ok . i was an electronic technician in a former life but it might pose a problem to who might purchase this item expecting a snap together kit
i 've had these earphones for about two month and i 've discovered the following . i like the look and they seem to be well made . the only grip i have is that they are not very loud .
i love the sound quality and the way i am able to exercise and not notice that i have headphones on . the headphones do n't slide but i have had some difficulty adjusting them for a more snug fit . overall , well worth the money
great product but is only $ 30 at iriver.com 's stor
this is my second set of garmin radios . i have had the 120 's for a couple years now and had to try out the new 530's.first of all i really like the new color screen and the added features . the altimeter has been upgraded over the 120 's and seems to be more accurate . my old 120 's sitting right next to each other would display different altitudes . i would not use the data to survey a site but it is more accurate than the older models . we do a quite a bit of skiing an the altitude displays are helpful when your on the lifts or trying to figure out how many vertical feet you have skied . especially if your using different lifts and not going all the way to the top.the new compass is also helpful . with the older models you would have to be moving for the compass to work right . after calibrating the new compass ( turning in a circle ) it will work just like a regular compass . i still carry a regular one in my pack while hiking as a backup , but the compass on the 530 works great and has not let me down . you can also route off the compass by lining up the sites on the 530 with where you want to go . the 530 will then guide you there and keep you on track if bush whacking and ca n't see your next way point.as with all the rino radios the microphone is a little on the weak side . i really think it 's because of the waterproofing that they do . if you do n't put it close to your mouth when speaking it 's really not that bad . i did pick up a pair of throat mics and they have solved any problems at all with clear communications.lock up problem . i have experienced this once or twice the first time i used them . i did the garmin update and have not had the problem since.overall these new 530 's are great . i have been using them for close to 2 months every weekend and sometimes during the week . now that i have 4 of these ( 2 120 's and 2 530 's ) these things are a blast to have when we are with a group . looking forward to the ski slopes this winter . we always seem to get separated at some point and never find each other for hours.if you do a lot of outdoor activities or any geocaching with more than one person these are perfect ! ! [ ... ]
i had researched for a long time before i finally made my purchase . the final reasons for this purchase was the consumer reports best buy recommendation for the larger 42 '' version of this olevia set . i had debated about purchasing a tv with 1080 but decided against doing so when i read that in a set this size that the naked eye could not tell the difference between 1080 and 720 . i needed the 37 '' set due to the entertainment center we already owned , which cost 2.5 times the price of the tv , so it was n't leaving the house . the tv opening would have allowed a 40 '' but i am glad i stayed with the 37 '' because the set-up would have been difficult if not impossible with a 40 '' because of the need to turn the set at angles . i compared the two tvs at the olevia site and the only difference was the speakers . i also saw the olevia at a friend 's house and was impressed with the quality . the best price was found through amazon.com . i placed my order on a friday evening and the set was delivered by ups in perfect condition on wednesday . the set-up of the tv was simple . the only problem i experienced was with the remote . here 's the good news : i sent an email to tech support and quickly i had an answer that was simple to follow and the remote worked perfectly the same evening that i set-up the tv . even though i use the surround sound through our stereo , i actually was satisfied with the sound through the tv speakers . a small problem is that the time warner cable box remote control does not operate the tv , so we do have to use multiple remotes , but that 's only a minor inconvenience . our family has been very pleased with the tv . i would highly recommend this tv to anyone purchasing this size tv .
there is not a lot to this device . simply plug the wire that comes with it into your yamaha amplifier and receiver and away you go . the ipod gets charged , and on my receiver i can even select the song to play via the on-screen gui on the tv
it is very small and looks very cool.you can charge it very fast.ts sound is very good too.t has radio function too
i purchased the transmitter because i do n't have an aux input in my car . the product works well . i live in an area that is crowded with stations and the transmitter still provided a strong enough signal to override weak stations and provide near quality audio.one review mentioned the sansa player wo n't fit in the transmitter with the silicon case on . i use the silicon case to protect my player . i took off the belt clip that comes with the case . the player and case fits well enough in the transmitter .
this cd/dvd holder is sturdy and stylish . i needed something to look nice , but hold my stuff , and those wallet-type options were n't really cutting it for me . i had also purchased something similiar ( not case logic ) from another store and was unimpressed by how flimsy it was.i now have 4 or 5 of these and they look great all lined up . i plan on getting more as needed . when they get full , it still stays sturdy and fits in the holder ( the other one i purchased ballooned out and had to be forced to get it in ) .the only con i can think of is the price . for me , it 's worth it , but that may not be the case for you if there are budget constraints
i purchased this item on march 15 from amazon . we 've been using it for almost a month now . my wife and i have built our ht system in our master bedroom ( 16x14x10 ) also have 40 '' samsung lcd 4095 ( 1080p ) and polk audio speakers ( in ceiling ) lc60i for front and middle speakers and rc60i for the surround speakers . i 'm awaiting for toshiba hd-xa2 that was recently ordered to complement our system and would be replacing my current infinity subwoofer with a hsu stf-2 sub.originally my first choice was a pioneer vsx-1016 receiver but with lack of zone 2 and hdmi video pass-thru only . i did n't think it fit our needs . however , onkyo tx-sr604b not only was a true bargain but it also exceeded my expectations , ease of use ( very easy setup ) user friendly powerful enough to drive all my polk speakers clean and crisp sound . i did'nt have any problem as far as clicking sound related to hdmi issues like few folks have mentioned on their reviews and i did n't mind running extra component cable to my tv knowing it does n't up-convert component to hdmi . the only thing that i have n't tested it yet was the zone 2 feature . i 'm planning to install my extra pair rc60i in wall speakers to our master bathroom hopefully soon so ca n't comment on that part yet.overall we 're very pleased with our purchased thanks amazon !
i 've used everything from ableton live to protools to reason and this thing is just plug and play . very easy interface makes for no brainer recording . i 'm a guitarist and the stock sound selections are outstanding . most players drive themselves crazy tweaking their sound but as you know it 's all about the song . the sessions software is a piece of cake and makes it incredibly easy to go with your inspiration instead of getting sidetracked trying to figure out all the bells and whistles . fantastic product guys and for the money it 's a steal
i had an optoma h27 but felt it was lacking the brightness i liked on tv , and i heard that hd72 was much better . so i returned my h27 to costco and got the hd6800 , which is costco 's version of the hd72 . wow , `` much better '' hardly describes it ! the brightness is incredible , and the detail and colors are truly remarkable . the other night , i was trying out different dvds just to see what they looked like on the new system , and i was totally blown away.while it does upscale dvd images to look better on its system , i also bought a sony upscaling dvd player and there is a significant improvement with it with the hdmi connection . i had read that since they are both upscaling , the dvd player 's upscaling would n't be necessary , but i do find the image through the upscaling dvd the best in a side-by-side test using two sony dvd players and two dvds of the recently restored `` carousel '' using component , s-video , and hdmi at the same time , all connected to the hd72 . i saw clearer detail on faces coming from the hdmi upscaling dvd player . i was so impressed , i felt like pulling in people from the street to see it , but i fought the impulse because i do n't want to share it with anyone . with a little tweaking of the menus , new films like `` star wars iii '' and `` sin city '' showed incredible detail , and older films like `` the adventures of robin hood '' were gorgeous in their technicolor glory.i highly recommend the hd72 .
this is just great for a single vpu video card , the cooling system works great , moving all the hot air outside the cpu . the software overclock is good too , u can change values any time u want and u can select if u want those applied for 3d games only.it works with any game , i 've tested it with oblivion at 1280x1024 , hdr enabled and every option at maximum . it works great with f.e.a.r at 1280x1024 with aax8 and ffa x 4the price is good for a very high end video cards
unless that i made an order for terk technologies leapfrog lf-30s wireless 2.4 ghz a/v distribution system , i received another wireless system from terk co , but the point is that this system is working properly , and right now i 'm able to have greek tv via internet to my desktop , and via the terk wireless system downstairs to my living-room tv appliance . during the operational time , i saw that i do n't have good resolution . i do n't know if the reason is because this distance between my office and my living-room ( the office is above from the living-room - so there is no big distance at all ) .but anyway , i will track this equipment , and if everything is ok i will buy one receiver more.thank you .
i have purchased over two dozen of these units . this is the best unit for the price . there are a few things that are a real plus one is the small screen on the unit . this allows you to be certain that your feed is being input . also the card slots are a plus . two things to be aware of . if you are using the unit in colder temperatures the unit will need to sit and warm up before use . apparently there is some type of a dew sensor built in . also if you are transferring images from a card you have to look at the manual to determine what type of disc is required . not a one disc does all unit
works as billed . i am currently playing a dvd+rl that would not play on any other player . i have not purchased a 1080p lcd tv , but it is why i purchased an upconverting dvd player . i have tried dvd+r and dvd+rw . i will be trying audio formats later . i would recommend this product to anyone who is waiting for the hd versus blueray to determine which will be the dominant technology and for its price to come down
they are great for putting dvd 's , cd 's in . they arrive in great condition
i 'm not a serious piano player , just casual . do n't have room for a piano , so this serves my purposes . i just want to entertain myself . if i were a professional who played in public , not sure if this would be the ultimate keyboard , because it does n't have a fullsize keyboard . but for practicing and casual playing it 's great ! it has more features than i will ever use
this is exactly what i was looking for : not too expensive , not much hassle with the cables - they are integrated with the unit , and no need to reach for the button to switch computers - simply press `` scroll lock '' twice to go from one computer to the other . cables are pretty long , which is good : longer that i need at the moment , but i may appreciate the extra length in the future .
great features with the microsoft mouse . wanted at least a 4 button mouse so internet travel is much easier . comes with a usb dongle that i did not want to use so i was determined to get this mouse working with the built-in bluetooth in my new dell latitude notebook . found that the toshiba drivers provided by dell for the bluetooth would not work with the microsoft mouse . seems still some incompatibility with different manufactures of bluetooth devices . go figure ... . had to delete the toshiba drivers and let xp with sp-2 provide the drivers and it works great . pros : great features , no cord , long battery life between charges ( days ) , very responsive.cons : some difficulty getting it to work without supplied dongle , bigger than i like to pack around for a notebook .
a great and economical replacement ! this product saved me a lot of money . the red in the color leaked a tiny bit in shipment but cleaned up and worked with no problem
the azden transmitter-receiver system has operated marvelously well for me over scores of interviews . as an aspiring video maker it was a product i should have bought a long time ago . mine is the 9v-powered model , not the aa . but it has proven well-made , light and easy to use . there 's something neat about micing people with a lavaliere unit . i find that they enjoy the attention of attaching the mic and the professional touch that it brings to the taping . being able to range abut the room while taping and simultaneously retaining good audio is a remarkable experience . another benefit of micing someone is that cuts way back on ambient noise . the din of voices surrounding your interview is a typical intrusion ; using the lavaliere cuts out a great deal of the unwanted sonic information .
it works very well . it 's nice to be able to listen to cd 's in my car without getting a whole new stereo system installed . my only problem is that the cd player will turn off every once in a while when the power cord is bent . this happens rarely , but it 's enough to be a little annoying . other than that , it 's a very nice product . no skipping , easy to use and a fair price
i got this product when i first signed up to telewest broadband and it has never failed . i have had it for 2 years and not a problem . i started at 512kbps and they 've upgraded me to 4mbps and it handles that speed without a problem . perfect for your light , moderate or heavy user , good all-rounder.thanks for reading :
this product has good and bad points . i listed some below : good -- -- -- -- -cheaper than apple ( $ 5 as compared to $ 30 ) works greatsmallconvienientbad -- -- -- -- -cheap ( might not hold up long term ) no warranty coverage for your ipod is something goes wronghas to be plugged in upside down ( for me anyway ... ) overall , i 'm glad i bought this instead of apple 's version . the main factor for me was price , but if you have the money , get the apple charger , simply because you 'll be covered by warranty that way
just make sure you buy the right drive for your computer and download the software from western digitals website you should have no problems.very nice
i love this remote.i was afraid that having a non-tivo brand unit ( toshiba brand tivo unit ) would require lots of setup ( testing dozens of codes before finding the right one ) .mine worked just as soon as i put batteries into the unit.the buttons are quite intuitive ; i never used the user 's manual yet.a real winner.an inexpensive replacement for the real unit
we installed this external hd on a dell computer . as most dell customers will attest to , any time you talk to one of their representatives , they 'll deny compatability with anything other than a dell product . well , i have upgraded the video card , power supply , and now added this hd to the computer with very liitle effort . this hd has performed perfectly for us .
when i got my hands on the pmc-120 i thought this was going to to be the best player but when i started to play with it all the glitches started to come into my way.i agree with the other reviews that it has a first generation-device feel to it . music : when i tried to put music in my pmc it syncronized my mp3s with the wmp 10 with no problem ( very fast ) . if u are looking for a grab and drop ( copy/paste ) your music mp3 device , this is not for you because when i did it got everything in one same folder that read `` unknown artist and album '' . so you have to put all your mp3s via wmp 10 , wich is no problem for me because it does it very fast . the problems that i encountered is that it only has one `` portable playlist '' and sometimes when im playing an mp3 and navegating through the other albums the controls respond 1 to 2 seconds later after pushing the button.one cool thing is that it shows the cd covers without having to put them in . this is done via the wmp10.the sound is very good and crisp , and the equalizer setups are fair.but you defenetly cant tell the difference between the diffrent eq setups with the built in speacker wich has a very small horrible sound.pictures : this is basically a grab and drop procedure to get your pics in the device and you can arrenge them in folders or subfolders . you can not transfer directly from your camera so if you are travelling and dont have a pc to transfer your pics this little baby wont do that job for you.video : ok , now this is where it starts to get frustrating for me ... i wanted a portable media device that i would only grab and drop my movies that are divx and xvid . i knew that this device only reads wmv but it `` supports '' divx , xvid , mpeg , etc . this `` support '' deppends on what the wmp10 can play . so this means that you sincronyze ( via wmp10 ) your movies no matter the format and it converts them into wmp movies and at the same time it just transferes it and fits it into your pmc secreen size . i had this in mind when i bought it and was fine with me untill i tried it the first time : the wmp10 wouldnt convert my xvid movies and after a few hours of trial and error and surfing the web my problem was that i had to have the correct video codecs that are compatibles with the wmp10 . so after uninstalling and installing i was good to go so i converted a 1:45hr long movie in only 25 minutes . but this short moment of joy was suddenly interrupted by the fact that the wmp10 fits the widescreen movies into the pmc and makes all the images long and thin almost unwatchable ! ! ! ! you cant change this because the wmp does this automatically . my answer was using other software and converting my widescreen movies into wmv files . the problem is that it takes almost the running time of the movies to convert ... i have tried a lot of different softwares and still havent found one that does it faster as the wmp10.in the other hand if you have a full screen video you just use the wmp10 and it does it very fast and with good quality.you can connect your device to the tv but the resolution is very low so i think this option is useless on the pmc.so the veredict is : the pmc-120 is a good multimedia player with minor glitches . it is a little bulky but personally i think the size is not that big . i think the good side of the size issue comes along with its big 3.6 inch screen wich is great to watch films and this for me kicks arse compared to the ipod video . if you want to play directly your divx or xvid movies on your player buy another porduct like the iriver pmp series or the archos players wich are way , way , way more expensive.so i think that for the price and for what it does the pmc-120 gets two thumbs up .
i bought this because it had got good reviews on here and the price was low enough for it not to pain me ! so far it does what it 's suppose to do . i am pleased . it 's a little clunky , and it looks awful when the anteni are fully extended . we 'll see how it works in 6 months
this is a great drive for your money if you use mac , windows , and linux . i use all of them and it works great , i do wish that they had an 8 gig versions out , but this one will do for now
i am kind of a shortwave junkie , and have a few radios all over the place , i must admit that for the money spent , and the performance and endurance , this little bugger is probably my best buy ! i can not believe the sound quality or the reception , its phenominal ! i can pick up shortwave inside the meat packing plant where i work ! ( big heavy steel freezers ) it is a simple , small no frills , pocket size radio , but it blows away anything in its price range , trust me
same hp burner/player that is $ 30 or more in the local stores.installation was fast and easy.nero software installed fast , very little info on the nero products , to play dvd you need to install the cyber dvd player on the nero disk .
i love this product . the earbuds were even better than i had expected . i wanted something small that would n't hurt my ears and i wanted a long cord and that is just what i got . i am very happy with the product and the service.thank yo
i travel overseas a lot for my job . this little power strip is compact and enables you to keep one adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your `` normal '' plugs for operating four devices . most monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money ( wires , cables , etc . ) but this gizmo rocks
i picked this up to use on a mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of a vanity . it worked great for charging 2 digital camera batteries which would n't fit in the normal outlet at the same time . it 's small , rugged and light so it 's easy to pack
having a bad view of the southern sky , i needed to get a outdoor antenna for my sirius radio.it maded all the difference . great product and it came with 30 ft. of cable
a very good product , but the fantastic part is sirius radio itself . howard rules !
i do n't know what the fuss is all about about this unit 's `` fan noise '' ... after the firmware update , if one bothers to do o it , the fan noise level is really trivial compared to advantages of huge storage space ( or data redundancy if one should choose to use raid 1 ) . the sound of the fan is about as loud as a fan from a pc workstation ( one of those dell precisions or macpro/powermacs ) .one of the things i wish could be different about the unit is if the raid configuration could be more easily managed by using apple 's disk utility instead of using wd 's own proprietary software ( which requires a reboot ... an annoying thing on mac osx.4 which i almost never ever have to reboot ) . and then the button manager requires yet another reboot before the functionality can be fully utilized ... hello , western digital ... mac is no microsoft windows where users are used to rebooting often ! if you want more of mac users ' business , write your apps like a true osx app ... at most i should be able to just log out and then log back in to use the functionalities ... other than that , the unit is a work horse . i use superduper to backup my mac and so far have had no issues at all with it ...
i bought this drive from pcuniverse on amazon and i am generally happy with the service i received and product quality , i have not used it for long time yet but have managed to fill up most of the drive . the speed looks good even over wireless network . i also like the truecrypt encryption software bundled which is actually freeware ; seems to be quite capable an usable with any drive ( usb flash or disk drive , look at [ ... ] it seems much better than the software that comes with many flashdrive in terms of capabilities . i am surprised that there is not a lot of competition in the 8gb flash business yet possibly because people do n't need it . i had a corsair 1gb drive from 2 years back and it worked quite well ; upgraded to 8gb as my data requirement grew
i 've owned this item for almost a full year and i am extremely pleased with it . it 's so nice being able to carry around my laptop and my books in the same bag . the side pockets are kind of useless for them being so small , but i guess i 'll be able to find a purpose for them .
ordered directly from hp . fast delivery , solid package . no dead pixel . works perfec
i muchly recommend suggest buying purchasing these batteries power sources in the pre-tried used section . you can save pay less for them these that way . but be warned aware , used pre-tried batteries is may be no good since they is not may be rechargedable
all electronics should work this easily . you hook it up , read the manual , play with it alittle bit and it works like a charm . i 've been using two ( home desk and car player ) for 5 years now . they just seem to last forever
this watch is great because the countdown is so easy to use . whenever i need to remember to check the dryer or the stove , all i have to do is push one button to the number of minutes i want to wait . its the only watch i wear and i never take it off . i even swim with it on . the only reason i did n't give it five stars is because it is so plain . i wish casio would make it in a pretty color
great product that works exactly as described . i have not used this as a stand-alone label maker ; i 've only used it with my computer . the software is fairly easy to use , and it will pull data from an excel spreadsheet , which is a definite plus . i had a spreadsheet of over 300 items for which i needed to make labels , and linking to the excel doc made the process very quick and convenient . the only complaint i have is that the tape for the label maker is rather pricey . i spent $ 40 on the label maker , and so far i 've spent $ 60 on tape
the lable maker was removed from the box and put into action with ease . product is easy to use and understand . for the money a great purchase .
i purchased this as a gift for my 56-year-old mother who simply ca n't get enough scrabble with her friends . while i did not get the opportunity to use the product myself , she seems quite enthusiastic about its abilities.just make sure your opponents approve and dont think you are trying to cheat .
i have multiple cameras , and one of my favorite features is that this reader can support multiple types of cards plugged in at one time . if you have a sd card and a cf card , both can be inserted and read/written to without having to switch out the cards . very nice reader for a great price . the blue led is very pleasant to look at .
i would give this 5 stars but for a few things : - the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears during exercise- syncing is sometimes buggy- you have to load all podcasts manually- podcasts seem to be ordered by date on the player , no matter how you arrange them in itunesrecent releases of itunes have solved some , but not all , of the sync issues . also , i have read about some workarounds for the podcast ordering problem , but they involve rebuilding your library , and furthermore from what i 've read they 're just temporary fixes . apple needs to fix this.still , the small form factor , cool design , and easy-to-use controls make this a great product . i sold my 4g 40gb ipod right after i got this , and i have no regrets .
this card is significantly cheaper ( at the time i ordered ) than the sandisk extreme iii at the same speed ( 133x ) . i was expecting to receive a 100x since it was listed as that in the description but the 133x came and i was very happy . works as advertised and kingston is a reliable memory brand . product came quickly
outstanding cleaner for your cd or cdrw , mp3 player . takes you through many diagnostic tests . even has a dolby test . well worth the money and you will be more than pleased with it . i used it on both my pc cd and cdrw drives as well as my stereo cd player . fantastic product ! !
the design for this headset is ingenious . every piece is separated so you can mix and match for your convenience . it 's not really a headset , but a headphone with a detachable headset ; so you can use it to chat online or listen to your mp3 player . the microphone can even be mounted independently onto your computer monitor with the included base . the extension cord comes with a volume controller , another very convenient feature . there are also little hangers on the extension cord , which are for attaching the microphone cord . the audio quality is pretty good , throw in 20 bucks more to get the combo set , which includes a sound card to enhance the audio quality . ****the only thing i have to complain about is the comfort issue . maybe it 's the size of my head , but the earpieces simply press a little bit too hard against my temples , so it causes mild headache after 30 minutes of usage . other than that , this headset is perfect
i 'm so technically challenged , and i had no trouble figuring out this system . i already had the base unit and had to search for these handsets to go with it . altogether they were a bit pricey , but worth every penny ! very easy to understand the directions , and lots of bells and whistles . lots of cool ring tones and features that are not listed on the product description . i love the intercom features , they are great for when the kids are upstairs , i do n't have to yell for them to come down or go upstairs to talk to them . very cool
i could n't believe how lightweight this monitor is , and how easy it was to connect to my computer . it is one of the best investments i have made this year . what a difference the lcd screen makes for my vision . its wonderful . i highly recommend this monitor to anyone who is looking for something easy to connect and have excellent quality as well . it is the perfect monitor for me
this watch is not only the best watch i have ever owned , it is the only day time watch that i ever use . i love the 1,3,5,10,20 , 30 minute timer found only on this watch . i love it so much that i buy several and change out the band to match different outfits ! i do wish that this watch came in a more dressy version . i also hope that casio continues to make this watch for people who need a timer and a dependable alarm
i bought this deck about 6 months ago . it has performed flawless in every aspect . as soon as i turned it on i could notice a big difference in the sound quality from my old poineer deck . i have taken all of my cd 's out of my truck because there is no need for the cd player if you take advantage of the ipod interface . the ipod function is flawless and easy to use . just plug in your ipod and search by artist , album , song title or playlist . this can get a little tricky while driving ecpecially if you have a large library so i would suggest using playlists . the output of sound quality from an ipod is amazing . also there is a very useful bass engine that is very useful if you have subs , this function allows for flawless bass output and easy ajustment . this deck is the best overall i have ever listened to
i 've had this printer for four years . i print approximately 25 documents each week . this is the first time that i have had to replace the cartridge . it 's a great little printer and this cartridge lasts a good long time , too . compared to ink jet printers that i have had , i get about 5 times as many prints from this laserjet -- and the price of the cartridges is about the same as the ink jets.great buy
firstoff , that first review about the format capacities is outright wrong . let me explain how this works.the soundstage program that the player uses is a lot like itunes ; it has its own proprietary format that is really just mp3 with a different file extension title . when you import your mp3s into the soundstage library , it makes its own duplicate library of your music in a new directory using its 'omg ' file suffix . yes , omg . i think that 's funny , and you should too.the minidiscs themselves are essentially just cd-rws . keep this in mind . they are enjoyable cheap to buy more , they are rewritable , and they hold 80 minutes of basic cd-audio , or close to 4/5 hours of 'low bitrate ' audio , which is just compressed mp3s . the product itself is very good . i 've had one for a short while . i bought an eight-pack of disks right after i got it , and filled them with music . i have six full discs of labeled artists and find that disc-swapping of five-hour playlists is far less irritating than my old cd-player method ; cd-swapping with 70-minute albums . the controls are very simple and effective . grouping your tracks makes them easier to navigate , but you can otherwise go through all the tracks you have as if it were an audio-cd . its impeccably shockproof , and my only severe grievance is the lack of a backlight . the hold switch works fine and the unit is small and light.i got this as an alternative to harddrive mp3 jukeboxes . most mp3 players over a gig in capacity are hd storage , which is far less durable ( in my experience ) than simpler players . rather than settle for a 256 or 512 mb player that i would have to swap on my computer constantly , i got the minidisc player and can simply take other disks with me . its a solution that suited me well
i 've owned 2 sets of these types of phone systems . a ge set and a 2.4 gig uniden set . this is by far the best . actually , it 's perfect . no noise on the line at all . everything just works perfectly.only one caution . this particular model does not have an answering machine . i was moving too fast when i bought and thought that it did . if you want an answering machine to come with , make sure you buy the right model . i 'm totally sold on the dect 6.0 ! ! ! ! buy it . you wo n't regret it .
very nice player . hdmi works perfectly and the 6 disc changer is handy . blue light lets you see the disc 's and looks very cool . 1080i with upscaling on all my dvds .
i recently bought and installed this radio in my truck , and i have not had any problems yet ! ! ! a few minor details are the noise blanker seems really sesitive ( sometimes when it is on i do not receive any traffic ) but that is about it . i enjoy cobra products , this is my second radio ( i just traded up from a 25nwxt ) , i have a cobra hg2000 antenna , and i am waiting on a cobra mic for my radio . so far no problems with any of it and i hope to have none down the road ! ! ! !
i 've had my cobra 29 for over five years now . it 's been in four different trucks , and traveled over 500,000 miles with me . once i added two wilson antennas and a power mic , i can get out over four miles on a good night . my personal record is a line of sight 130 miles from a mountainside . i love it . i was thinking of getting a galaxy , but why ? i have a great radio here
after doing some research and owning a cheaper shredder model , i decided to purchase this shredder . so far it was a wise decision . i have seen it elsewhere for a lot more money . i have been using it to shred up all my old and new personal documents and it is awesome . i put a kitchen garbage bag in the can and it keeps all the little paper pieces contained within the bag , and i can just keep reusing the same bag . it really is a smooth shredder and it keeps on working , no jams , etc . great buy !
there is just one word to describe this product : amazing . i 'm full satisfied with it . just buy it with 1mbytes ( mine is 512kbytes ) . one last thing : the battery lasts forever
i went from the first version of the audigy2 to this . and it did increase my performace a tiny bit . my old card was going out on me . a lot of pops and clicks and games locking up with sound skipping . have n't had any of that yet . : ) i also did n't seem to have the mb problems that were stated in first review . i have a asrock dual-vsta ( new one made for windows : vista ) .with a good stereo setup this card sounds really nice . i have a older but really nice 5.1 with 100watts for each speaker . only 4 years old , but have seen some really nice ones lately.a lot of new games coming out have intense sound now . vanguards sound has crappy options so you ca n't dumb it down and it can drag a system down , esp one using on board sound.i would give this a 4 or even 3 star rating if it included amazons rating too . [ ...
fantastic sound for the money ! ( seems to work well with asus p5w dh , anyway ) nice crisp highs , decent mid-range and unmuddied lows make this an excellent pick , imo . the only down-side i could find is some of the nonsense-software included is , well , nonsense . creative scores , again
buying an equalizer seems kind of retro these days , but i still have a good cassette dual deck and have recently purchased a reel to reel again.used to have one years ago ... now use both of these for fun and the occassional uploading of music from the old formats to my media center computer.the equalizer acts as a hook up device to have both decks on my stereo which is then hooked to my computer.it allows for some sound enhancing along with the computer
i use this scanner primarily for text documents and could n't be more impressed . you do need text software - i have textbridge - but i find relatively few errors in the scan , proofreading and corrections are easy and efficient . best of all , i do n't have another device plugged into my computer or taking up space on my desk . caution - i have n't used it for photos , but it does a great job on text
this mouse has never let me down . really works on most of the surfaces
