my grandma 's 10 year old yorkie just would never shut up . he barked at our cat , at our parrot , and anything that moved really . we bought this collar , and it worked perfectly and immediately . one bark and it sprayed , and he would go running off ... and stop barking ! i felt kinda bad for him , but his reaction was hilarious . i could n't stop laughing at him , poor thing . however , he did learn that if the collar was n't on , he was n't going to get sprayed , so he would bark
i am looking for a new book light , and as a former owner of this light , i was suprised at the bad bulb stats . this bulb , like halogen bulbs , get very hot . it is imperative that you do not touch the bulb with your fingers when installing or adjusting it . the oil from your skin heats the bulb to a higher temp . and hastens failure . hope this help
i have a 3 1/2 year old boxer that barks , cries , whines , and howls when i go to work ... all day ... i know , i recorded it . i went to petsmart and picked up this gadget . brought it home and it the manual correct button . she bolted . she hates the ultrasonic noise that it makes . it reduced the amount of noise that my dog makes but only in a certain area and i do n't crate my dog when i 'm going to be away for more than 8 hours.so if i 'm just running out for a few hours i stick her in her crate with this right in front of her but if i 'm going to work i use it in conjunction with the petsafe electric shock bark collar.my girlfriends dog does not really notice it if he 's otherwise engaged but my dog hates it . worth the price in my opinion . best advice is to take it home and try it . some dogs react to it . others do n't
i received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.i would recommend this gardenia to anyone who loves flowers or wants to give a nice gift.my gardenia was delivered right on time in great condition , is still very healthy , and smells terrific.i 've gotten many compliments from friends and even my grandchild who said `` what smells so good grandma ?
i found this to be bright enough for me to read without disturbing my bedmate . it 's a soft light ( almost seems like a natural spectrum ) and is very directed at the page . the clip is large enough for even a thick hardcover , and the neck is flexible as needed . so , functionally , it gets a solid a.but i was n't happy that it takes nonstandard batteries ( two of those round watch/calculator batteries ) . replacing them is a hassle ( though inexpensive ) because i have to make a special shopping trip noting the exact type of battery before i leave , and i have to find them in a store with an electronic department . i wish this light took aaa or something.the light does include batteries , so you wo n't need to worry until you run out . for me , that was probably around 20 hours or so
the bissell flip-it saves me a lot of time cleaning floors and does a more thorough job than a mop
as most people do , i had accumulated several different types of cookware over the years . it was a real treat to pass these onto my kids and just use this great cuisinart chef 's classic set . i especially love the saute pan
i picked up a dozen in home depot for less than $ 5 . same concept , just a lot cheaper ! two of them are holding a huge heavy shelf in my kitchen . the hole they make depends upon the weight of what they 're holding . i 'm sure it 's pinhole sized if you 're hanging something that weighs a few ounces ( in which case , you do n't need this - use a pushpin ! ) the holes from the shelf are bigger than pin-sized , but it is a heavy shelf . the hole is still way smaller than the hole i 'd make using any kind of a hook that would hold such a heavy shelf.it also takes a little practice to figure out where to hang the hooks ( the drop of the hook is below where you might want the thing to actually hang . ) this is a small detail , but if you need two of these things and you do n't do it right , your object is gon na be crooked . but on the bright side , you wo n't have a huge hole to patch when you redo it ! recommended product ( but look around for the knockoffs .
after reading every review on deep fryers i could find , i finally decided on this one . it has been great and i could n't ask for anything better or more easy to use.i put it on my cooktop and let my big hood suck away any odors . it heats up quickly and the food has always come out great . we made donuts after cooking shrimp and halibut with no cross-odors or tastes ! my family only tolerates fish , so this was greatly appreciated.cleanup is easy also . after waiting for the oil to cool , the pan , lid and rack can go into the dishwasher . only the heating element has to be cleaned by hand and it is quite easy . the oil can be used many times without problems and so it is more economical to use than i originally thought it would be.i would recommend this with no caveats
this was my first calaphalon purchase and i am so impressed that i plan on using nothing but calaphalon in the future . this pan is shallow and bigger around than normal 2 1/2 qt pans.the unique design of this pan means less cooking time and more evenly heated food . hand washing the pan is easy . i love this pan ! !
i would certainly highly recommend this juicer to anyone ! it is stylish , sleek , easy to clean , and has plenty of power to handle anything . i feel sorry for michigan , mix 3 apples and a handful of baby carrots for a great drink ! awesome ! awesome the first negative credit for this must be a lazy ol ' prune who would n't be happy with anything ! get it now !
the kitchenaid kfpw760 is exactly as advertised . it has three nested work bowls . the inner , smallest one takes a special blade ( a smaller version of the standard processor blade ) . it 's perfect for pulverizing/mixing small quantities of things . pulling the used bowl out leaves the next one ready for use without having to stop and clean something . the same is true for the next one until you reach the largest , 12 cup bowl.a number of blades come in a well designed transparent and strong storage box ( finally , a way to keep everything together ) . the unit even has with a fruit juicer accessory that replaces the bowl . it 's the kind with the rotating hub ( two hub sizes are included , one for lemons and a larger one for oranges , etc ) . while it seems to work , it 's not as convenient as a low cost dedicated version such as the black & decker , but what the heck , it 's worth trying.the motor is quiet and you get a real feeling of professionalism when using it . at first i was disappointed that there were n't any fancy front panel switch options , but after thinking about it , you only need the provided on , off and pulse.would i buy it again ? absolutely . would i buy it again from amazon ? again , absolutely . the transaction was without difficulty and the shipment actually came earlier than promised
i have the black fusion in my home office ( which is next to a basement-level theater room ) , and my wife and i already love this machine . we have tried all sorts of mixes , and we 've only scratched the surface of what this machine can do . this is one of the first times i 've been so impressed with a product that i wanted to write a review for it.physical properties : it handles travel mugs ( if you remove the drip tray , which is largely unneeded anyway ) , and all our `` standard '' mugs . the drink head moves up and down , so it can sit flush against the rim of your mug to cut down on the already rare splashbacks ( more common with `` frothy '' drinks than coffee and tea ) . when it brews a filterpack , it blows air through at the end of the cycle to clear it out ( and , thus , keep it from dripping as you remove it ) . the water tank could be larger ( if only because we 're so enamored with it that we keep making drinks all day long ) , but if you have a ready source of water nearby , it should n't be a problem . the tank fits better and slides on easier than the senseo ( which we also have ) .flavor-wise : it 's made by m & m/mars , so you can bet that the sweeter drinks ( the so-called indulgence fare ) is excellent . coffee blends are quite good , especially the darker roasts like `` french roast '' and `` sumatra '' . lattes made with espresso roast taste similar to starbucks , moreso than other chains.clean-up : wipe the inside of the drink head , and possibly the front of the plastic column ( the colored portion ) after any particularly `` splashy '' drinks . no need to worry about cleaning up the area around the machine , especially if you keep the drink head on the rim of your mug . of course , you ca n't watch its magic when the drink head is that low , so your first few times , you 'll probably get a drip here and there.final bits : we 've had the senseo since its launch . between pods that need `` pre-wetting '' to avoid blowing past the seal of the portafilter to the not-so-great varieties of drinks , the senseo is lagging behind the flavia . we drink coffee , tea , espresso drinks , mixed blends , and sweet-tooth-friendly `` indulgence '' mixes every day with the flavia , and it 's brain-dead-easy to use . certainly easier to clean up after , too ! if you 're on the fence between the flavia and other single-cup offerings ( like senseo ) , get the flavia . keurig and other single-cup offerings ca n't touch the variety of drinks you can make with the flavia . i 'm sipping a lemon/blueberry tea blend now , made over ice , and it 's fantastic . highly recommended
for quite a while i had been looking for a certain type of dvd rack/tower ... then one day in target i was looking at the mission collection and saw the box ( no display ) . it is exactly what i had been looking for . slapped on the two foot ends and done ! perfect fit for dvds , 20 fit across and if you have a lot of the cheapy dvd cases , like the ones new line cinema puts out , you can fit more . i do n't have the hassle like some wire racks where you can only fit one dvd per slot . i have many oversized ones . the hardwood is great too , just a few felt pads on the backs to not scratch the wall . if you can wait for them to go on sale every now and then ... it is worth it . i am almost ready to buy a third one soon
we have owned other hoover steam cleaners . they did a terrific job but all ended up leaking . we purchased a bissel and returned it due to the soggy carpet . we bought the hoover f5914-900 based on the reviews . i was confident that it would n't leak because of the reviews and the fact that this was made in america . i was confident it would be a better product and hoover had gotten their act together . we have grandchildren and 3 dogs so our carpets are constantly under attack . i could n't keep affording to have the carpets professionally cleaned when i knew hoover could do just as good a job . ok ... our hoover came . my husband put it together and it leaked all over . i then re-read the reviews and a few had mentioned how important it was to read the directions and put it together by exactly following them . by then we had already taken it to the repair center . after a week they had not touched it . my husband picked the machine up and brought it home . we decided to start from square one and put it together again . he did , following the directions to the letter . lo and behold ... no leaks ! ! ! ! ! yeah ! my carpets are beautifully clean and i am a very happy woman . so ... the moral to this story is always read the directions first
okay , i have n't used this while reading in bed yet ... but as a supplemental light for uses in areas of minimal lighting , it 's great ! the light is n't good for areas that are adequately well-lit , so do n't bother to use the light there . but in areas where light is dim , the light shines . literally . it casts a bright light on the page ( s ) that you need to view . it 's helped me tremendously get through pages of reading . yes , it 's a bit pricey for what you get , but it 's incredibly compact as it fits nicely in my bag . imagine carrying a lamp everywhere you go . the power adapter , however , is a cumbersome brick . as for the limited time in which the light bulb is useful for , i ca n't offer an estimate of time yet - but so far my bulb has been running for at least 15 hours or so- cumulative , not consecutive hours . so , no complaints yet about that . whenever i saw this light online or in the store , i used to think , `` why in the world would i ever want something like this ? '' now , my thoughts are : `` why did n't i ever think to buy this before ?
like many people , i have ignorant neighbors that allow their yappy mutt to bark on and on and on . despite talking to the neighbor politely and such , they still have no concern for the noise pollution . i was losing sleep , and the barking was getting so bad that i even considered moving ! in desperation , we looked online for something to stop barking dogs . we came across viatek 's super bark stop and decided to risk the money.wow , talk about being worth the money ! my husband affixed the device on a piece of wood , and staked it about 5 feet high in our back yard . it 's unsightly , yes , but we 're the only ones to really see it . more importantly , it 's right in line with the barking mutt . the first time he tested it , he told me the dog about jumped out of its skin ! we laughed gleefully . could a good night 's sleep actually be on the horizon ... ? it 's been several days and super bark stop has worked amazingly . the dog will lie as far as it can away from the device ... when it usually lay in the middle of the neighbor 's yard . if it starts to yelp a little , it stops almost immediately . it 's as if it 's afraid to bark . yay ! you can select the volume , tone , and number of barks to help eliminate false activation ( say , from talking or loud bird squawking ) . audible and inaudible both work fine , but we now keep it on inaudible at the two bark setting.the device is waterproof plastic and you need 4 d batteries ( not included ) to operate it . i am so thankful we found super bark stop ! my nerves were really getting jangled and i was dreading early mornings , when they put the mutt outside . it 's amazing at how inconsiderate neighbors are ; just because you may want a dog does n't mean i want saddled with its noise while you neglect it ! p.s . after using bark stop for 2 weeks ( yes , it did work ! ) , we noticed that the neighbors dog started to bark a bit more . ( not as bad as before , though . ) we had it on silent , and realized that it had stopped working . apparently , it 's not 100 % waterproof , despite the claims of the manufacturer . the person i bought it from said that `` once it 's opened , we find that it 's not 100 % waterproof '' . well guess what ? you got ta open it to put the batteries in it ! either buy a faux bird house to protect bark stop or house it where it wo n't get wet . otherwise , you may find yourself in the same position we were in . we got a refund , and fortunately for us , our neighbors got rid of their dog ... so we did n't bother getting a new one
they really do work as advertised . they go right into drywall ( be careful not to hit a stud however ! ) with no muss and no fuss . i have n't tested them on their claim of support up to 150 pounds , but for basic home picture hanging , etc . they really do work as advertised
after reading every review on deep fryers i could find , i finally decided on this one . it has been great and i could n't ask for anything better or more easy to use.i put it on my cooktop and let my big hood suck away any odors . it heats up quickly and the food has always come out great . we made donuts after cooking shrimp and halibut with no cross-odors or tastes ! my family only tolerates fish , so this was greatly appreciated.cleanup is easy also . after waiting for the oil to cool , the pan , lid and rack can go into the dishwasher . only the heating element has to be cleaned by hand and it is quite easy . the oil can be used many times without problems and so it is more economical to use than i originally thought it would be.i would recommend this with no caveats
i 've read a number of complaints about food sticking and difficulty with cleaning . we 've experienced neither of these - make sure the heat is not too high and clean with hot water ! it 's a great saucepan and the price was great . highly recommended
i received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.i would recommend this gardenia to anyone who loves flowers or wants to give a nice gift.my gardenia was delivered right on time in great condition , is still very healthy , and smells terrific.i 've gotten many compliments from friends and even my grandchild who said `` what smells so good grandma ?
my golden retriever has had ear infections since she was 8 weeks old . over the years we have tried allergy shots , dietary changes , and prescription ointments - all costing a fortune . we tried zymox and it is absolutely fantastic . her ear infections clear within a few days of treatment . the itching and head shaking stop immediately after application , and if i treat her ears once or twice a week after an infection clears , i can keep her clear . this stuff is great and at 1/2 the price of prescription and no vet charges , i 'm happy to keep it on hand
i actually purchased this book light so that i can read while i wait for my child to sleep . he likes me to be in the room . this was perfect . does not put out enough light to bother my son , but allows me to do something other than stare at the clock while i wait for him to fall asleep
this is worth the money in the materials it is made out of alone.i am not in the habit of writing reviews , but this juicer earns it.perhaps you are like me , and have never used a juicer before . you want to get one without taking out a small loan , because you just do n't know if your that into it . if so , this is your juicer.there are enough other reviews to give you a good idea of what your getting . i just want to back those up with my experience . this is a good , strong product
this is a significant improvement over the 750 model . the 750 model was not very well designed . the first one we purchased broke within 3 days because the blade came up and hit the plastic . we returned this . we got the 760 to replace that . the 760 has been redesigned to avoid this problem . for the same price as the 750 , the 760 comes with one extra bowl , juicer and egg whisk . compared with others like the cuisinart and we determined that this was much better constructed .
i bought one of these for my girlfriend ... then read the reviews ! in my opinion it appears to work fairly well . the sensitivity switch needs to be adjusted depending on personal usage . to the far left seems to work best for 'normal ' walking . as i said , in terms of accuracy , i think it 's pretty good . the radio portion of the unit is reason for the '4 out of 5 ' stars . the sound is `` tinny '' ; it 's not stereo ; there 's no frequency disply ; and the 'super-mini ' plug forbids you from using a better set of headphones ( earbuds ) because the actual plug is too small to accomodate the standard plug size ! though overall , when comparing price to features ... this little fella will probably suit your needs . if you already have a walkman ( or do n't care about audio ) the unit with the calorie counter would be a better bet
product arrived promptly , in good condition ! this product costs twice as much at vets office . somebodies making money ! ! !
my 13-year-old cat was limping for a few days , off and on , and my vet said it was probably arthritis . a friend had told me that giving her arthritic dog nutramax cosequin had helped him , and i already knew that regular cosequin has helped me with my arthritis , so i bought a box of nutramax cosequin for cats from my vet for my kitty to try . it really made a difference ! he stopped limping and could walk farther and faster on our walks together around our lake . he was so happy , and so was i . on my vet 's recommendation , i continued giving him one tuna-flavored capsule each day , sprinkled over his food , as a good preventative to slow further joint deterioration , all without the side effects which he might have gottten from prescription medication . i would highly recommend this product for cats and dogs as a first line of treatment for arthritis ; and buying it from amazon saved me about 2/3 of the cost from the vet .
i have used this vacuum only on carpet , as i bought it for my finished basement . suction is very powerful , it is quiet , and the dirt cup is so easy to empty . the cup is designed so that you push a lever , and it empties from the bottom - very clever and so easy and clean . it is a large dirt cup so it holds a lot.other nice features include a very long cord , and great looks ! the most important thing is suction , and this baby is powerful ! ! it 's amazing what this thing picks up.overall , extremely pleased with this vacuum !
my only complant is that the cord is shorter then i am used to . but i guess it needs to be for the automatic rewind . this feature is a must however since my husband always griped at me for not coiling up the cord properly.it sucks great , is easy to clean , and light weight . the price is fantastic
we bought our french skillet two years ago , and it has yet to even have one scratch on the cooking surface . it can go in the dishwasher , and although we usually hand wash it , it is nice to know that easy clean up is possible . it gets used in our house every day , and is very durable . i am planning on purchasing more for my family ! we also have a covered pan and a six inch pan that we use almost as much . in my opinion , you wo n't be disappointed in this pan
none of the other nonsticks can hold a candle to this stuff ! i bought this and the 8 '' fry pan 2 months ago and , except for the bottoms , still looks brand new despite being used nearly every day . i even used a bacon press ( cast iron ) in it every time i cooked bacon and a couple of times i accidently scraped the inside side of the pan with no marks left . hubby stacked knives and forks inside , then topped it off with 6 dinner plates . i thought it was done for -- scratches and nicks everywhere , but no , not a single mark . my calphalon commercial nonstick ( which hit the trash already ) looked like it had been through a war when my 18 yr. old did that . i must admit , though , that i do not use metal utensils in it , nor do i put in a dishwasher since i wo n't have one til the kitchen is remodeled . overall , though , just from what abuse it has gotten , i 'm very impressed and will buy more . my advice ? do n't mess with the rest -- buy the best and this is it . going to try the wok next . wish they sold an electric griddle with this stuff in it
i ordered 6 thinking i was getting 6 washcloths . little did i know that they were two to a package and i got 12 . what a special surprise . these are the thickest washcloths i have ever had including those i paid a bundle for at `` exclusive '' stores . i am so happy with them every time i use them . they have never faded or left lint . thanks for a wonderful product
this is probably one of the best blade grinders out there . the top locks nicely and serves well as a measuring cup , eliminating the scoop step . it has three coarseness settings that seem to work well enough to differentiate , along with cup amounts . the amount lever is a little hard to tell what cup amount its on , however . anyways , bottom line : it grinds great with little mess .
my mother had a set of franciscan apple dinnerware as i was growing up , though i never thought too much about what i was eating off of at the time . later , as a wife and mother myself , i was looking for a theme around which to decorate my kitchen . we had just moved to appleton , wi ( 16 years ago ) so i decided to use an `` apple '' theme , w/o even connecting the idea with my mom 's dishes . i was frankly surprised to visit my parents and become reacquainted with the franciscan dishes . over the years i 've collected innumerable apple items , but my goal is to have a set of franciscan apple dishes of my own ! they do chip , but they last forever and retain their color beautifully
keeps the tank warm for my little fish friend
it 's a very secure for children . my daughter is happy with this produc
this is an excellent product . if you are tired of lugging buckets of water back and forth while cleaning your aquarium , and making huge messes , walking in puddles , etc..and taking hours to clean even relatively small tanks , this product is for you . do n't waste your money on cheap suction devices , and buy the python today ! ( sorry if i sound like an infomercial , i 'm just an enthusiastic user ) . the python attaches to your faucet , you turn the water on full blast , stick the suction tube end into your tank , and you can drain your tank in minutes , or just vacuum your gravel and do partial water changes . then , you flick a switch and you can fill your tank back up ( again , in minutes ) . i have 2 29 nine gallons and a 10 gallon , as well as a 15 gallon turtle tank , and what used to take me a whole day , now takes about an hour ( to do all tanks ) . i like that i can vacuum the gravel , boy does this thing suck the waste up . this will also prolong the use of your filters and make your tank look great ! i was skeptical that this product would work , but am so glad that i bought it . now i actually enjoy maintaing my tanks instead of dreading it . the directions are easy to follow~ even for people like me , who are `` direction impaired . ''
i had a small version of salad shooter , it was great , used it for so many years , but now the blade was dull , and i kind have to push the veggy into the machine to be cut them . i decided the next salad shooter i buy should be slightly larger . so i bought this salad shooter professional series , which is great , having some features that are so important in a kitchen where cooking takes place almost every day : multiple cones to change , large feeding place for the veggy , fast , light , eassy to clean including in the dishwasher , still small enough to store in small spaces , efortless to cut and shread your veggy , no need for knife and cutting board.what i like the most about this product is the fact that when i put veggy in it to be cut , shread ... , the machine almost vaccum them in to be cut , so i do not have to push it in , probable du to sharp blades an fast speed of rotation of the blades . this way your work is done in no time.in my oppinion it is a tool you must have in the kitchen .
admittedly , i am a bit of a knife-buying nut . i love kitchen knives and own chef 's knives and santuko knives from wusthof , henckels , kyocera and furi.this calphalon katana 6-inch chef 's knife is incredibly sharp and it feels really good in the hand balance-wise . i like the way the handle is shaped , it is very comfortable and the bolster is ingenious . i love the way it looks too ! for the price , i 'd say you ca n't go wrong.i really like it a lot ! i have only had it for a few weeks though , butit seems to be of very good quality and hopefully we 'll see how well it resharpens when the need arises .
i have this bowl and the larger one . they are perfect bowls for mixing . the rubber base really helps the bowl stay put . i was them in the dishwasher without any problems
this is a good bat house but does n't come with a pole . i would recomend buying a pole or just hanging it somewhere
i bought this grill after reading reviews for many different grills , i thought this one seemed to have the better reviews , so i bought it . i really love it . it heats up pretty quickly , and has enough space for 2-3 people 4 people would have to eat slower , but it does have enough broiler space , and its square to have people at all 4 sides . we use it 2 time a month at least and makes a great fast meal . the only thing that causes some distress is that the grill is not quite as easzy to clean as they say . most of it comes off very easily , but some spots of cooked grease remain , it comes of with some elbow grease , and a scrubby , but it would be nice if it was as easy as they said it was
i have used this for treaditional recipies as well as with different ethnic twists..korean bbq , seafood , italian roasted peppers , artichokes , etc.we have used potatoes & bread for topping with goodies..the possibilites are truely endless.. the grill is easy set up , and easy clean up..very family friendly
i bought this espresso coffee maker to use with warm milk . it is great if you like to make lattes . or just plain expressos . it brews fast , less than two minutes . it makes a great cuban coffee but make sure you use the coffee like pilon or bustelo that comes in pressed packets not the cans . i do not use italian roast because i do not think it would give me the same flavor for my lattes .
having bought the no name preseasoned cast iron pans vs this need to be seasoned cast iron pan , as the tittle says : pay the 3-4 dollar difference and get it preseasoned instead . i 'm using the preseasoned more because it is just ready . keep in mind its large and heavy . careful in your sink . coming from stainless steel and converted over to calphalon ( mostly bought all pieces from amazon.com ) , if you are use to quick clean up and lighter cookware this is harder to convert over for me . heat kills everything . if you can accept the fact you are not literally washing everything off if you follow the hot water / salt / scrubbing.. and rubbing a paper towel on the pan comes off dark , then you can get some amazing steady heat to sear with . but we all pay for convience and these pans i use mostly to sear meat . with a perference to wash and dry quick in our hurried lives , get the preseasoned .
recently purchased this in mid-2006 and it is the best cookware item i have ever owned and used . as one of those millions who rely on mid-line priced discount department store brands , i can state with 100 % certainty i was amazed ( and still am ) with the high-performance this item offers ! the clean-up is still a dream-come-true , all i have to do is get it in the sink and with a very very small amount of liquid dish detergent clean and rinse , it practically cleans itself . my burners are all equal size ( gas stove ) and highest setting is `` 6 '' i have learned all i have to do for pancakes is level 3 ! ! cooking bacon , an entire pound , is no problem for this cookware . i do want to purchase more of this item , there is a smaller griddle version of this item also available . i 'm even thinking of slowly switching to this brand `` all-clad '' nonstick
i am a contractor and when i recently remodeled doug and susans basement i was eventually shown how to use the grinder to make espresso while on breaks . unfortunately , i started taking lots of breaks ... good espresso ! the grinder is quiet , precise , and efficient , like an excellent sub contractor , or a good table saw ! the grinder was great . i use a burr grinder at my house but you ca n't even talk over the thing . this one whirs below a conversation level , then stores the suberbly consistant ground coffee . i then pull the lever a couple times to dispense premeasured amounts into the doser that is resting in its holder on the machine , and there it is break is on ! ! thanks for the good times and good espresso . on my way to hawk some of my tools to buy one of these things , it 's worth it
after going through several nathan 's cheap stovetop grilles . i realized , that although i love grilling food , i needed a good grill pan . i did not wish upon a star but a dream came true with this marvelous cooking aid . i use it evry day , it nrver sticks and the heat is so evenly distrubuted that everything comes out perfect ! it also is a handsome addition to my kitchen .
she asked for the little crockpot . by golly , she got the little crockpot
i heard that tab water in baltimore city isnt good for health , so i decided to by this water filter . this item makes tab water drinkable . it removes bad smell and taste of tab water . i also read that it filters many different things . because it is designed to be fit in the door side , i could organize well
this timer is great . light enough to wear around when you do your 15 minutes of cleaning and flying ! keeps excellent time . magnet is good to put on fridge , or on any metal cupboard.i love it ! best for the $ $
hang this around your neck and you wo n't forget that next basting or turning on the grill or stove . good loud ring , easy to set , and no batteries needed . had one for four years and it keeps on working
t-fal is an excellent quality and a good buy . nice , heavy pan and very `` non-stick '' . now i just have to find a lid to fit it 's large size !
this is my first `` electric '' litter box . i have two cats and they took to it the first day it was set up . it really decreases the usually strong smell of a litter box . it was a breeze to set up . i also purchased the tent to go on top and that has worked well keeping the litter from flying all over the cats ' bathroom floor . and with the tent they ca n't hang their bottoms over the side of the box and accidentally leave a bm on the floor . i 'm going to use rewards points from a credit card to purchase the replacement litter cartridges and that will keep the cost of maintaining it down
great product at a great price . the first shipment came broken and amazon replaced it immediately without the hassles of having to return a broken item.thank you
my husband and i fight over this plate when we have frozen pizza . a tombstone pizza fits great on this plate
i bought this sauce pan last week . the quality is very good . the handle design is quite comfortable . i tested the even heat distribution by broiling the water and watched the water bubbles forming at the bottom of the pan . i found no hot spot . it responded to the change in the heat setting is average . it 's kind of heavier than all-clad ltd for the same size of pan . i 'm not sure about how long it will last under the normal daily usage yet . for the initial impression , this calphalon one non-stick cookware can stand up to the more expensive cookware such as all-clad - ltd , stainless steel , mc2 . look for the bargain . it 's worth the cost
this is a great cookie sheet . i chose stainless steel because of possible health issues associated with using teflon or aluminum , and because i know it 's durable . my mom bought one elsewhere a few years ago , and when i compared the two , mine was much heavier , and better quality . i would highly recommend this pan - especially since it was part of the 4 for 3 promotion and i was able to get 2 of these , along with 2 of the 9 '' round cake pans from this company , for only $ 30 ! a great deal
this is a very nice piece of furniture . well built , good quality . it was shipped via ups and the box was quite damaged when it arrived . thank goodness for good packaging , or it would have been destroyed . one of the doors did have a crack in it and a new door is to be shippped shortly . a new mode of shipping should be considered .
i 've already reviewed the miele vacuum cleaner itself , along with the turbo brush , so i 'm a fan of the pricy-but-worth-it-if-you-can-afford-it sucker . if you 're reading this , you 're probably one too , so i 'm not gon na talk about the vacuum cleaner on a net page selling the bags . i 'm just going to relate information on the box about what miele vacuums this goes with , on the theory that 's the main question you have . it 's not entertaining , but perhaps it 's useful : s241 - s256 is290 - s291s300 i - s399s500 - s578s700 - s758s4000 - s4999the box comes with 5 bags ( they ; re strong , i 've discovered ) , 1 dust compartment filter , and one `` super air clean filter . '' miele uses a hepa filter , known for its allegy protection . long-lasting , worth it
we bought this topper to replace a worn out topper of a different brand , that after 2+ years was no longer bouncing back into shape . this serta topper is just fine , as comfortable as our last one . my big complaint is that someone at serta ( though serta is n't the actual manufacturer ) needs to measure a queen sized bed , because this topper falls about an inch short on all 4 sides . if you place the topper in the included protective cover , it 's several inches short on all 4 sides . i know 1 inch sounds minor , but if you 're a stomach sleeper and tall enough where your feet hook off the end of the bed , the topper does n't protect you feet from the stiff edge of the mattress . as far as toppers in general , we have found that a huge advantage is the how much they help isolate movement across the bed . you do n't feel your partner moving around nearly as much with a topper ( though presumably with a full tempur bed isolates even more ) . definitely choose a topper with the highest density you can afford , and the thickest you can afford
i bought this as a christmas present for a dear friend of mine who recently began collecting rooster objects.the entire set arrived in perfect condition . the colors , red & black are vibrant and striking..the rooster pattern is on each piece and is very nice . very good quality , good size and good price ... will make a perfect holiday gift for serving pasta or stew or salad or whatever
i check out all the local stores for a glass-lined carafe , but could find none . this is a great product . keeps coffee hot ( especially when primed with hot water first )
after several tries and telephone calls to my brother ; i finally have the blade in the correct position ( i had problems with the directions in the book ) . it works great now . a reminder to oil the blades before you put the machine away ; they rust easily if damp
this is a great product . it really holds a lot and is great for stoups ( thicker than soup but thinner than stews ) and can hold meats like a pork tenderloin quite easily
i 've used this for indian food and it worked really well - you an prepare the meat and keep it on the part with the heat off before you mix it back into the masala.btw i own other anolon advanced saucepots and love the way they cook and cleanup.re : the squishy handle . if you have gripping problems , as many middle age to older cooks do , this helps you . do n't listen to the young , self-involved , and obviously inexperienced cooks who blast this feature . some day they too will develop weak wrists or arthritis and will appreciate this feature
this purchase came with 3 stackable racks - i thought it was only one rack . it stores very easily in a compact space and works well . i do n't know if it rusts since i have only wiped the tray with a cloth after using it
this is , hands-down , the best hair removal tool on the market . it grabs an astounding amount of undercoat and topcoat hair . just one usage of it on my dog cut his shedding by at least 75 % . regarding the complaints : yes , hair will go all over the place , but that 's stated in the instructions ; use it in an area where you can sweep or vacuum
this is one amazing tool . we went from vacuuming 3 times a week to once a week . we simply ca n't believe the difference . the dog seems to love it , too . i do n't have to work on him as long or hard or often as i did with the standard rake . i am a fan furever
i like this winged corkscrew but i had to repair the plastic once when the cap near the wings busted off . superglue did the job , and i have n't had trouble since
it really does make a difference when some of the chlorine is filtered out of your coffee ( and even more so in your bourbon ) water , but these filters are a rip off price-wise . it 's hard to believe braun would n't make money selling them at a third of the price
it is one product that my husband misses more than me when he travels : - ) what you probably do n't see on the picture well , it stands on plastic , so it does not spill pepper after you are done grinding . has really easy refill-no mess , no fuss , and you can always see when you need to buy pepper . i do n't think there is better pepper grinder out there . others i saw are certainly better looking , artsy , whatever , but this one is the most useful !
i love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons , limes & oranges . the narrow neck means that the fruit wo n't fall into your glass while you are pouring and the fruit staying put also means it can steep in the water longer ... yu
these bowls are a perfect size for holding one portion . much better than plastic containers that melt in the microwave . i use one almost every day for taking my lunch to work . at $ 2.99 it more than pays for itself every time you use it ( verses buying a take out lunch ) .
i had high hopes for these 600-thread count sheets and they 've exceeded every one of them . they perfectly fit my oversize king . after 5 washes now they are as soft as ever . sleeping on these sheets is simply wonderful
excellent , when you want to bake a small cake this is absolutely a great small just the right size of a cake form
this is a great pan . i have a larger one , but this one fits in my pressure cooker . makes a wonderful cream cheese cake in the pressure cooker
i love this item . perfect for storing pet food . special screw type tops that seals food . bugs , mice can not get in . easy to wash , let it air dry . my only issue is that if it is screwed tightly you might have a problem opening it . so those with out strong hands dont screw it to tightly closed . over all the best in food storage . i know i just about bought them all
to go with my original finish lodge cookware , but this one did n't take any effort to season . good going , lodge
i went on a hunt for these glasses for a friend after our having beverages in them in a ( now gone ) bar in nyc . i was delighted to finally find the exact glass at , what i think is , an affordable price for the quality . i bought a set and we ended up `` splitting '' them ( he only wanted/had space for 4 - he lives in a small ! apartment ) . i love them so much i 've now put them on my wishlist . the beautiful clear glass , clean design and impressive heft makes them feel elegant , special and expensive . i 'm *certain* the shape and feel make the single-malt scotch i prefer taste even better ! an excellent value at less than $ 40 for six
i was looking for a tool to process the exotic fruit i grow , and amazon had the largest selection
the pot rack was just the right size and color . it looks great in my kitchen without creating a barrier between my kitchen and dining room . i love how easy it was to hang and the number of links provided with it mean that it can hang really low if i want . this is just perfect for my kitchen
these are so adorable ! the patterns are too cute , and they can be mixed and matched just like boring cups and saucers . they even make me happy when i see them in the cabinet . they are a great shape and size ! i am inspired to upgrade my espresso machine because these only deserve the best !
there 's nothing worse than having to find space for , and then digging out a small appliance every time you want to use it . henrietta looks terrific sitting on the countertop , and because she 's on the countertop , you will use her . she works great . will hold seven large eggs just fine for hard or soft boiling . i tried jumbos and she will only hold 4 jumbos at a time as they are fatter eggs , but seven large eggs at a time is fine with me . she poaches four eggs perfectly , and here , you can use jumbos if you like . the water reservoir is clearly marked and once you use her , if you find that your eggs are not quite done enough or too done , adding more or less water the next time will take care of that . actually , the first time i poached jumbos , i found that the eggs were still a bit too liquid for my taste ; i added a bit more water to the cooker , plugged her back in , and the eggs were perfectly done in about another minute . when the water evaporates , she chirps loud enough for even someone who is hard of hearing ( as i am ) . i love this cooker . first one i have ever owned . and because she looks cute sitting on the counter , i do n't forget i have her ; therefore , she gets used alot
have owned the jura capresso e8 since july of 2006 . have made over 750 coffees since that day . heavy entertaining and daily latte 's bring value to the machine . machine has responded well under all circumstances . only problem thus far has been with the frother which would jam from the froth to steam position . contacted capresso and the expressed a new attachment . have had no additional issues with machine thus far . excellent crema and good temperature for espresso . ( warm the expresso cups before hand ) as with other machines i have owned , experimentation with coffee to milk ratio takes some time . once determined the machine makes a consistent brew each time . have run cleaning cycles and filter changes when prompted . machine really is super-automatic . the machine informs you when water is needed , when beans need to be filled and when grounds need to be emptied . would recommend the machine without hesitation . should this change i will update the review .
i bought this glass for my wife ( who has a great interest and enjoyment of good wine ) as a christmas gift . last night , she tried out the glass with a friend . the reviews from both of them were quite something to watch . the wine from this glass tasted far , far superior to the same wine from an `` ordinary '' red wine glass . in fact , they poured the remaining wine from the `` ordinary '' glass into this glass and shared the glass all evening . there was really no doubt that this glass made the wine drinking experience a totally different , superior one
we love this item , it 's easy for the kids and everyone who visits asks us where we found them . they look cute in the kitchen too !
i bought this so my 9 and 4 year olds could easily get their own cereal in the morning , and also have easy access to a healthy snack later in the day . this is a great tool for helping kids do it themselves . some of the honeycombs get a little crushed , but i 've found that turning the handle gently back and forth a little bit gets them out without crushing them . reese 's puffs and cheerios also came out without any crushing . you have to put the caps on the bottom when not getting the cereal out in order to keep the cereal fresh . maybe this was in the directions , but i missed it and learned the hard way . but the kids figured out the caps easily and it 's not a big deal for them
excellent for fall & spring here in florida . fans have a reversible switch which is very handy ( do n't have to turn the whole fan around )
i 've been a chef for almost 15 years , and a knife is one of the tools i reach out most of the time . during those years i 've used all kinds of brands including kershaw , wusthof , mundial and even smart and final brand . and to be more specific , an 8 inch chef 's knife is my favorite . after having fun with these toys , i thought it 's time to reward myself with an ultimate gift . so i sought after a kind of blade that could be totally distinctive . one day i came across the shun classic on the amazon web.this knife sets itself apart from the others : the simplicity in design , the beauty of the blade , the sharpness , and finally its steel quality . the blade has some kind of a pattern as a result from layers of steel which is said to be the same steel that is used to make a samurai 's sword , wow ! the d shaped handle is made of dark coated hardwood , it fits in my hand nicely . but the most stunning thing of all is the sharpness . i can slice pieces of lemons micro thin ! it 's not only super sharp , but it also holds the edge sharpness much longer than other steels i experienced with . it weighs a little heavier , but i 'm sure that 's not a big deal for me . cleaning up the knife after use is a breeze because there is n't any corner which will accumulate grease . shun 8 inch classic is the best i 've ever had . you wo n't regret what you pay for even though the price is very high . a good chef deserves a good steel .
this lovely salad set will be a great addition to any lunch or dinner setting . the serving bowl is much larger than i anticipated -- and great for tossing space . the individual bowls are also deep . this is a great set for salad lovers
this new toaster from kitchen aid is an excellent little toaster , and includes a special setting for bagel 's as well as settings for frozen items like toaster waffels . i love mine and tell everyone in my family they should have one . if your looking for a new toaster you can not fine a better one than this model from kitchen aid
this works great on tile grout ! it would be nice if it worked good on the glass shower doors but it didn'tnot bad for the price . it does take a long time to get the job done .
the filter is the make and size recommended by the manufacturer of the humidifier . it works really well .
i bought this for my husband 's birthday b/c i watched him fumble each morning with the numerous lemons that are out there . carafes that leak , coffeemakers that do n't keep the right temperature , etc ... this is the kind of coffee you get at a 5-star restaurant . in fact , they probably use a bunn.the design is utilitarian-not decoration , and they have mastered the art of great tasting coffee
the grill is a significant improvement over my previous weber in regards to : -grill area-regidity of the cast iron grill-control for raising or lowering goals-large charcoal shelf-three compartments within the charcoal shelf-heavy guage metal construction-the option of adding a rotisseriethe grill is wanting in regards to : -lack of an enamel coating on the cast iron grill-lack of closable upper and lower vents which would enable greater temperature control and the ability to seal the grill interior when finished in order to snuff out the coals
these cup are enormous ! ( not to mention beautiful , in that fun and elegant way that only fiestaware can be . ) i was looking for a very large , oversized mug because i drink a lot of coffee and tea and am sick of having to refill constantly . i definately got my wish . i have eaten soup and cereal out of these , i even used them to serve coffee ice cream recently . very cute ! i plan on getting them in all of the six colors i have in fiestaware . let me tell you again , this cup is huge
i odered this item as housewarming gift , the box has open display of 5 piece hostess set and 5 piece place settings , you can see and touch without open the box ! they are beautiful chess design.some people does n't care flatware using the right way and after write negative review.following this recomendations will result in the enjoyment of your j.a henckels flatware for many years ; 1 . do not allow acidic foods to remain in contact after use such as mustard , ketchup . lemon . etc rinse all flatware that have been in contact with the above foods before placing in the dishwasher.2 , do not use detergents containing chlorides or a high lemon content.3 . do not soak for extended periods of time with tap water in the sink get rusting or spots.4 . in the dishwasher use a drying cycle.100 % recommended !
i am extremely pleased with the anolon cookware set . it cooks evenly and cleans up beautifully.many of my friends recommended this set and i 'm glad to have taken their advice and made the purchase
after reading the other reviews , i almost reconsidered my purchase . however , the juicer works great - as long as you follow a few tips.1 ) make sure the lid is thoroughly clipped on tight ! check once , then check again.2 ) do n't use the paper filters , particularly if you are juicing in quantity . once i threw mine in the trash , the balancing issues went away immediately . it makes clean up a little harder , but if you scrape the outside with a hard toothbrush under running water right after use , it 's not a big deal.3 ) if the item being juiced wo n't go through , be patient , and pulse-push it in . do n't cram it with the pusher.my only concern is that when you juice quantities , so much pulp sticks to the side it 's hard for all of the juice out to strain out . it 's best to rinse the drum off every couple of cups of juice.using the above tips - i expect to be giving this juicer some heavy use for a long time
i was hesetant about ordering these after reading some of the other reviews on how fragile these glasses are . i am very pleased that i did order them . i am enjoying them very much . they are fragile , but if you handle them with care , i 'm sure they will last a long time . i even put mine in the dishwasher and have had no problems
i have purchased other syrup dispensers in the past , and all of them broke . usually the thumb lever jams with dried syrup . this one is a unique design that appears to prevent this problem . and , it even comes with an extra o-ring : -
this is great , it is very easy to clean , just put it in the dishwasher . you never have to worry about getting honey or syrup all over again . it pours very clean and does n't drip after you 're done . it looks very nice too . great deal with a classy look
i owned this dispenser for close to a year , and love it . the cereal is always fresh and accessible and i do not have to keep the boxes or reach out to grab few nuts for a quick snack . great design
we have tried a variety of knife sharpeners and they did n't work very well . finally , i purchased this item and we have been quite pleased ever since . friends even ask to use it . if you need sharp knives for cooking then this item is a great purchase . the cost may seem higher than most but well worth the quality and it really sharpens both serrated and straight knives . easy to use and nice addition to a kitchen where you enjoy cooking .
we were very skeptical . one of our cats would mark certain spots ( like corners ) occassionaly . but we had no idea that he was daily marking the area rug in our living room ! it got so bad that we had to discard the rug . we tried boundary spray which would keep him away from the usual corner spots for a day , but the one time we forgot to spray , he would mark again . we were at our wits end and decided to try feliway . we bought two diffusers and placed them near his usual marking spots . at first we also used the boundary , but eventually we stopped using the spray and noticed that we did n't see any urine markings anymore . it took a few months but we can honestly say that the product seems to work . our cat even appears more calm and pleasant . we make sure that we replace the container of feliway every 5 weeks or so . it 's well worth the money
pros : i have two chocolate labs , therefore , i have a lot of hair to deal with . the vacuum works great and really takes care of the hair and dirt ( wood floors ) . it works alright on rugs.cons : not cheap . loud . the plastic clip used to connect the strap to the vacuum comes out so you ca n't carry it , you just have to roll it instead . not a big deal
these pans are made by ekco and durable . the nice thing is they do not brown the edges like the tephlon coated ones . just be sure to use wax paper on the bottom and they will come out with ease
i took a chance on ordering these , and i 'm glad i did . they are heavy-duty ! i like the handles as i do a lot of microwave cooking and it 's nice to be able to use the handles instead of having to have hotpads each time with the regular white corningware . i 've also used these in a convection oven , and them seem to work really great ! i picked the `` sapphire '' color , and they are very attractive on the table as well !
i was surprised by the quick delivery . i opened the box to check the bowls . everything was intact and i was happy to give them to my cousin as a wedding present
we recently moved , and our two cats were having a few anxiety issues while adjusting to the new apartment . one cat , usually friendly and playful , would hide anytime a new person came into the apartment . the other cat , usually very docile , was being overly aggressive during `` play time '' with the other cat and with us.after buying the comfort zone plug-in , we noticed a gradual change in their behavior over about a week . both cats seemed more relaxed and their behavior was more normal - more friendly and playful , less anxious and aggressive.the only reason not to give 5 stars is because the description says one plug-in vial will last 4 weeks , but the vial was nearly empty after only 2 weeks and completely empty after 3 . but maybe there was more in the diffuser even though the vial had no liquid left . it is hard to judge when the plug-in actually ran out because the cats ' behavior did not change , even after i unplugged the diffuser
having used hoover products in a commercial environment for many years i have had great service from them , providing many years of dependable and powerful operation . we were excited to try out this `` new '' hoover model . one of the first things i have noticed about it over the previous windtunnel model is that it is heavier when you release the handle to vacuum . this may bother some , but i see it as a testament to it 's improved build quality over the gen.1 windtunnel . this machine is very powerful and it 's dual turbine motor has a confident sound . i 'll be curious to see how reliable the cord rewinder is . it is a nice feature though . i 'll post back after the machine has had more use to see how reliable it is . **update**after having spent some time and use with this machine here are my experiences ... two very glaring problems with the machine are that it 1 ) lacks a bag full indicator . the bag filled on this machine , and then busted ( unknowlingly ) at the top around the bag collar . `` stuff '' went all over the inside of the bag chamber and sucked into the motor filter . it took another vacuum to clean the mess up . in the future i will be more attune to the sound of the vacuum and the weight of the handle , indicating how full the bag is getting.2 ) the cord rewinder is a nice feature , but truly lacks quality . it will not hold the cord unless it is placed in the cord keeper on the back of the machine and also fails to fully rewind without assistance . a stronger recoil spring would really make a positive difference.3 ) dust and dirt get lodged under the pulley guard on the main vacuum head , not that it presents a problem , but it 's unsightly and the bottom plate must be removed from the machine to clean out the dust.beyond these minor issues the machine continues to perform well and without problems or breakdowns .
i do most of the vacuuming . my wife 's only request when i went looking for a new model was that it use a bag . she absolutely hates the bagless models and does n't want to see what we 're pulling up . we have two dogs ( an akita and a golden retriever ) to contend with and during shedding season the vacuum is running at the very least once a day . so after searching i find this model . i researched it to death and just as my wife was ready to kill me i take the plunge and order it from amazon . now the order status said it would take 12 days to get here and i was shocked when it arrived in 4 . the big thing i like about this unit is that the bags it uses ( although a little hard to find ) have a handle on the top that seals up the dirt as you remove it from the machine so you never have to see or touch the dirt . the unit is a little heavy but moves around quite well . and boy does it clean ! our rugs look fantastic ! one complaint i have about it is that when you bring the unit into the full upright position the beater bar shuts off . another would be that you can not turn the vacuum on unless its in the full upright position..i know its a safety feature..i just do n't like it . the pickup tube is built into the handle and when fully extended is great for cleaning the blinds and ceiling fan blades . the little power head unit was great for getting the dog hair off of the curtains and the side of the sofas . overall i would buy this unit again and my experience with buying a high ticket item from amazon was so positive that i 've purchased other items and make it my first place to look now
i received the 10 pc set from my husband for christmas . i have been very pleased with the quality and how easy they are to clean after use . some veg did stain the bottom of the saucepans . maybe this will disappear if tomatoes are cooked in them . the pans take longer to heat up because of the thickness and the weight but once they are hot they cook evenly . i feel we made a good choice
this rice cooker has a non-stick bowl , which makes clean-up a cinch ! the indicator light is red when cooking and green when warming . it cooks the rice perfectly every time . also this cooker is small and easy to store .
i love this - had seen items like it and so broke down . now i am sorry i have not had one for years and year
it was a christmas gift , truly enjoyed by my grandson who loves to cook ( with supervision ) . it 's easy to store , and able to keep the oil in its container for several uses . bigger than the grandaddy so you can cook more at one time . it 's great . have one myself and it has been with us for years .
i bought this when my air popper died & i am so glad i found this product ! the popcorn is the best & it is very simple to make . the thing i like the best is that it is a healthy alternative to the chemically filled microwave popcorn . i can choose which oil to use & how much so i have total control over what goes into my popcorn so i feel confident that what i am eating is good for me . the packaged corn that came with was ok & a good introduction to using the popper but i will not buy packages again as it is so easy to make a great tasting popcorn on my own . i did try the cinnamon popcorn recipe from the included book & it was fantastic ! i would recommend this to anyone , the popper is easy to handle , easy to clean & it makes the best , crisp & crunchy popcorn ever . it only takes about 3 minutes to be done & you can even use the stirring mechanism to stir extra butter in it or other salt or other seasonings . sometimes simple & old fashioned is better & that is the case with this item.now we ca n't wait to rent a movie so we have an excuse to pop popcorn almost every night !
due to the slits around the opening , this label will fit a wide variety of neck sizes including burgundy and those odd rosemount shiraz necks . i would like it better if it were more of a plastic coated paper since i think it would hold up longer in a cellar , but at least it fits all my bottles . the others i 've purchased do n't
we love this crate for our pug , but she is a smart little dog . she has learned how to get the zipper on the end undone and escape . of course , when she does this no one is home and we find small gifts left behind
this soup pot is an excellent addition to any cook 's set of tools . using this pot , there 's no need to saute meats of veggies in one place and then transfer them to an ovenproof pot to finish . it goes easily from stovetop or oven to the table and is compatible with almost any dinnerware . can you tell i really like my new soup pot
i bought these for a wonderful craft . i was expecting them to be decent , but i did not expect them to be as nice as they were . if i realized how nice they were , then i would of purchased several at the same time to save on shipping . i realize that i got 100 bags , but my craft took about 75 of them . they are nicer than the piping/icing bags that i used while i was learning cake decorating . when these are gone , i will definitely order more . the plastic is thick enough so you will not have to worry about your icing tip squeezing out .
i have tried sooo many different roti/tortilla makers . and this saachi is seriously the best out there ! bargainoffers.com company is the best ! they have great customer service and are such nice people . i have tried the crappy villaware 10 inch model as well as the horrible 8 inch revel brand , and i had nothing but problems . they stick and dont heat up well enough . the saachi is great , never had a problem , ever !
great item , just what i needed . the price was fine and the company reputation was a serious consideration in my selection
blinds were what i expected . they were very good quality and low price too . shipping was excellent and on time .
this color is a bit too bright , but the bag it very comfortable
the nordic ware sunflower pan is just what i wanted . it came in perfect condition and in a very timely fashion . thank you
great honing steel that is a bit longer than others i looked at ( seems to help a bit for the bigger knives ) and an attractive taper ( not sure that matters , but it looks nice ) . i 've only had it a brief time , though i 've used it frequently . despite an occasional clumsy collision , this steel slides smoothly and shows no nicks . it straightens the edge on my ( mostly ) mid-grade knives with ease.another reviewer claimed the handle was plastic . perhaps he was mistaken , or perhaps he had a different version . but mine , purchased later , has a visible grain if you look close , under a dark ebony finish . it does almost `` feel '' plastic due to the hard resin finish , but it is the same material as on the shun knives a friend has ( though the steel lacks the metal endcap that her knives have ) .aesthetics are open to debate , but i think it looks much nicer than most , and performs better than any other i 've used for daily straightening . for less frequent light sharpening , i recommend a diamond steel . global makes the best diamond steel i 've seen , but i 've stuck with the dmt for a quarter the price
this knife along w/the matching 7 '' 5-star meat fork are my weapons of choice for carving leg of lamb , prime rib , ham , veal , turkey , etc ... at various carving stations at my job . i love the 5-star line & have most pieces from it as well as 2 of this knife . i 'd recomend trying the 4-star & pro-s line out as well before deciding on this line ( same blades , different handles ) . i 'd definately replace if lost/stolen . after using proper tools there 's no way you can go back to cheap knives . i 'd love to see a 12 '' version of this knife w/a wider blade
what a fabulous pillow and a great deal . they looked small until i unpacked them , then poof ! big fluffy pillows ! nice
i have two kittens which are spoiled rotten and have more toys than they can ever wish for . this is by far one of their favorites . they love the moving ball and use the center scratch area often ( keeps them off the furniture and other areas . ) i know they play with it daily . very reasonably priced and definitely a must for cats ! !
my husband received a similar bag for christmas that holds 6 bottles of beer . we are scheduled to attend a formal event where we will need to bring 2 bottles of wine . the black is perfect for the purpose and looks much better than a gawdy paper bag or bottle bag and we do n't have to worry about the bottom falling out . the material is sturdy and for cold wines will insulate well
this delonghi bar32 espresso maker is the only budget priced espresso maker that i can find that does not have aluminum its water/coffee path . the boiler , porta-filter & baskets , brew group , and steam wand are all stainless steel ( albeit the wand has a plastic tip ) . i thought the capressopro with a slightly larger stainless boiler might qualify as aluminum free and provide good competition but the porta-filter itself is made of aluminum ( although it does have stainless basket inserts ) and is twice the price than the delonghi bar32 . it is questionable that the acidic coffee might poor over onto the aluminum porta filter and leach aluminum at the bottom of the porta-filter after exiting the stainless baskets - although capresso implies no in their ads .
looks and works just as advertised . took it out of the box and used it the day we received it , made for a lovely and lively family dinner . great buy
holds everything . makes perfect pot roasts . i use all clad mc2 for most cooking , but when i need to braise i use this -- i love it
this product is a must have for anyone serious about baking . this mixer is by far the best appliance that i have purchased for my kitchen next to the refrigerator of course . i reccomend this product to anyone who loves to bake . the 5 quart + was worth the money , do n't buy the 4 qt , save the money and purchase the 5 , you 'll be glad that you did
works great , it is a lot easier than using paper filters
i have several oxo spatulas - they do n't warp , bend , peel , discolor or melt - even if used to stir things in a hot pan . so far , none of them have broken , and i have had several of them for a few years . great quality
i very much like this sommlier glass but they are quite fragile . a significantly better choice for everyday use is the schott zwiesel diva line of glasses . granted , the riedel glass is thinner at the rim but man , for my dollar , the schott glasses are a steal
this is probably my favorite mug . it easily holds about twice as much as a regular coffee cup . it comes with a plastic splash guard that locks into place down inside the rim . the best thing about the mug though is the wide grippy bottom that enables me to set it just about anywhere in my car without worrying that it will tip over . even hard corners do n't seem to phase it . it 's also the only cup in my house that can withstand my cat 's efforts to tip it over . the odd shape also has downsides though . it wo n't fit in any cup holder i 've ever come across , but that does n't matter much since it wo n't tip over no matter where you set it . if you do n't rinse it out immediately , it can be difficult to clean later , due to the shape ; if you do n't have small hands , you may need a bottle cleaning brush . also , i imagine if you had more than one of these mugs , they 'd be awkward to store since this mug tends to hog the cabinet space . despite this , it 's still a great mug . in fact i 'm going to need another since my husband has now adopted it as his favorite too
i was looking for something small to put near our litterpan since the cats track the clay out of the box when exiting . i found this vacuum at a fair price and decided to give it a try . it does a perfect job ! i owned the original model when it first came out years ago . this one is more streamlined and improved . the dustbuster is the right choice for little cleanups .
yep , i had some 20-year-old revere ware pots and this steamer fit my 2 qt pan with no problem . and the lid from the pan fit the steamer . it 's plenty big to steam two large sweet potatoes , and probably more . exactly what i needed and the price was good too
this bread slicer is quite good . it has a slicing guide and also a storage container part to it . it cleans easily and was cleverly designed to accomodate bread machine sized loaves . i have found though , that if i bake the largest size loaf , the loaf will be an inch or so to tall for it so after i slice a few slices i am able to put loaf on its side and then store it in the container .
wife loves this contraption . if you like your coffee or tea strong you need to use more than usuall . easy to clean . and the best part is that amazon sent me two of them when i purchased one . sweet . cup it comes with is great quality . peace !
i am potty training my son , so i needed a good waterproof mattress pad but did n't want to spend a lot of money . this fits the bill . it 's lightweight but sturdy , and has already stopped one naptime accident from soaking through to the mattress , and held up well in the wash so far . has a nice feel , and it does n't seem to make him overly warm as some waterproof pads do . our mattress is old and thin by today 's standards , but the pad seems roomy enough that i think if we got a new thick mattress , it would still work . very pleased with this purchase
love it ! fluffy , warm , and light . perfect for snuggling up into on those cold , blustery days or for building a make-shift fort . : ) big enough to comfortably cover ( and keep warm ) many people . and it 's wonderfully light , so it does n't bog you down while you sleep . wonderful
this is essentially the all-clad stainless steel 3 quart saucier fitted with 2 short handles . the `` dutch oven '' sold by all-clad is a similar configuration of the 5 1/2 quart saucier.this is a versatile stovetop pan -- wide enough for frying , deep enough for liquids , good-looking enough to carry to the table . it can also slide into the oven when needed . it may not be big enough to do a traditional 19th century cassoulet , with large hunks of meat and a gallon or so of beans , as one poster complained , but it functions quite well as an `` everyday pan '' for up to 4 persons . the dimensions of 9 1/2 inches by 3 inches ( plus handles ) fit the 3 quart capacity into a compact shape , with a rounded bottom for easy stirring.if you are looking for a versatile `` do-it-all '' pan , this is a good choice
i searched for months for a stylish , durable set of flatware at a bargain price , and this is it ! i was lucky enough to buy service for 8 at half price during a friday sale . the design is unique and contemporary , and the finish and weight are of excellent quality . the only criticism that i have is that there is a big size difference between the soup spoons and dessert spoons - the handles of the dessert spoons are a bit too short for my taste and tend to get caught in the flatware rack in my dishwasher . however , this is a very small price to pay for such a gorgeous , inexpensive set of flatware that will surely last for many years to come .
we purchased the stainless steel version of this flatware when we got married 16 years ago . it has held up so well , that i just purchased ten more place settings ( the friday only sale ) to use for entertaining . our older set still looks new even though we have used it every day . this flatware is heavy and really nice to hold , ( the handles are not so heavy or thick that they are hard to hold or to eat from ) . the super simple design works and looks beautiful with any table setting design from casual and contemporary to completely elegant for special occasions .
have owned this product five weeks and used it several times to cook hamburgers , london broil , steaks . it produces excellent results and is relatively easy to use . the cooking grate can only be set at two levels : standing on its posts or inverted , lying on the rim of the firebox . the level must be chosen before you start cooking , which presents a problem for some preparations . the damper seems to have little effect on cooking temperature . emptying ash is a bit awkward , as you need to remove the doors and coal grate , then lift and tip the firebox , which is heavy . the lip catches some ash , so it is difficult to completely empty . be sure to set the grill on a pan , as grease will leak through and collect around the legs
i see a lot of people have leaky shakers . not me . mine is absolutely perfect . the top/strainer piece fits snugly , leak-free , requiring just the right amount of effort to de-couple it from the canister . the design of the canister lip also makes it easy to attach the top to the canister . the lip on some shakers makes it hard to attach the top . the cap/jigger also fits perfectly , with just the right amount of snugness that it stays attached but also comes off easily
i have no kitchen stove so i have been relying on this little champ for everything from tea to pasta ( before south beach diet ) to making eggs in the morning , etc . i have owned this unit for over 3 years and have never once had a problem with it . awesome for a college student or a person with a tiny apartment such as mine . also great for taking to work . it is a bit hard to clean and there is not too much area to touch to move it while it is still cooling down . other than that , i highly recommend it . i am here today to buy the double version and i can only hope that it performs as well as it 's little sister . enjoy ! ! ! - li
i use this mug a lot for chicken noodle and other soups as well as salads . its easy to clean up and to handle . i like having the lid with the pop top so its does n't make a mess in the microwave . i fits easily in the tote bag when commuting to work . i highly recommend it ! !
after much research and consideration i decided to buy this product as a christmas gift for my husband . i am not the type of person to research products before i buy them , but taking into consideration how picky my husband is about his espresso ( and being cuban and drinking cuban coffee since birth -- makes you critical and suspicious about the quality of the coffee made by these new espresso machines ) , i did not want to buy something that was not going to meet our expectations . i have to say this product has surpassed my expectations and my husband is very pleased with it . my main concern was how hot the coffee would be , and this product makes the coffee with the right temperature and richness that we have come to expect from the corner cafeteria coffee . i 've read reviews about the noise it makes , and after having the deloghi product , the noise this machine makes when warming up is not that loud at all . we are very happy with it . buy it , you 'll be happy too
i did n't know which maker i wanted , it was hard making up my mind . i finally chose this one and boy did i make the right choice . it works great , better than i could have hoped for . cookies turned out wonderful and it was fast and easy
this soap dish is beautiful , practical and sturdy . best of all , it will retain all water and liquid soap leftovers in its tray , leaving your bathroom clean and dry.recommended .
i bought 2 of these and they are so soft and comfy . i love these blankets . they are so superior to other blankets in their price range . the main reason i bought them was the price ; the colors are very nice too
i have two of these , one in yellow and one in a discontinued sea greeny color . they 're attractive , of course ; this is fiestaware , after all . but they 're darn functional . they 're long enough to accommodate a london broil or small roast or kebobs , and they 're deep enough that any juices are not likely to spill while you 're carrying or serving . i like wish there was one slightly bigger too ; then i 'd get two more
this product is great to have on hand . in the past , i 've used purchased yogurt as a starter , but this eliminates the need to run to the grocery store when you want to make yogurt . after a small delivery snafu , the company immediately sent me a replacement . they also sent me a follow up e-mail just to make sure that i received the product ( thanks fred ! ! !
this timer was a christmas gift for mom . she loved it . she thought it was very cute
this core is remarkable . it is so easy to use , just fill it with cake batter and insert it in the cake pan . pour the remaining batter in the pan and large cakes come out wonderful . this heating core allowed by daughters half sheet cake to come out perfect
love it that it keeps the butter soft and spreadable and fresh . this one holds a larger amount than others i have had . it is a bit more awkward to hold , however . it has a wide lid with no handle so you need to grab on to the sides of the lid to pick up . love the emile henry colors
let 's face it , you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated . nice furniture and practical book shelves . but you do not live alone ; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around . it may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of garfield on it or some cutesy saying . but in the long run this durable , multi use , dishwasher safe , bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water .
this 2 qt bowl has many uses . i use it for mixing , serving and baking . it is wonderful for macaroni and cheese , also have done cobblers . i have 6 different colors . once you get one you will have to get another and another
not many people can rationalize spending twenty dollars on a pizza cutter , but i previously worked at a pizzeria and often make gourmet pizzas at home . this cutter is sharp and rarely requires multiple cuts to slice through all of the crust . it is really useful on those thick pizzas , like spinach and feta . plus it looks pretty cool hanging on the wall behind your cutting board . i almost never use it for any non-pizza cooking , and a heavy , sharp knife works almost as well . however , it 's a fun item , and if you find yourself looking for a nice gift for somebody who makes a lot of pizza , i definitely recommend it
absolutely fab ! ! ! shiny-bright stainless steel , matches frieling french press , and any other stainless tableware/countertop items perfectly ! just the right size for serving a table of 4 or so ... of course the sugar bowl holds plenty- note you 'll likely need to refill the creamer for a second cup go-around at a table seating 4-6 coffee lovers . overall these are just very sturdy/solid , clean-up beautifully and very easily , and , by the way , the sugar spoon included with the lid-covered sugar bowl dispenses an exact teaspoon of sugar , and sets inside the little 'notched ' area of the lower bowl , so that the spoon rests perfectly inside the sugar bowl while the the lid remains covered/on at the same time- a really simple , yet european-engineered , well-thought out design & quality . i fully anticipate that this will be an heirloom hand me-down ... although it 's a l-o-o-o-ng time until i 'll be distributing my assets ! make sure to buy the matching frieling french press- it 's just incredible , & also heirloom quality ! give yourself the gift of european quality coffeeware- it 's one of life 's simple , yet indispensible indulgences ! ps the frieling french coffee press w/ this matching sugar/creamer set makes a unique and favorite wedding gift too
i 'm really happy with this shoe rack . i 'd like it to be a little bit taller , but it holds the shoes very effectively and fits well in my closet . i 'd definitely recommend it
this shoe rack is extremely well made very stable and solid and very easy to assemble ! this hold alot of shoes and spins really nice , i have small feet but even my husband shoes which are 11 's fit just fine ! this shoe rack is perfect , i highly reccomend it !
i have these sheets on my bed right now . they are very comfortable and soft after just one washing . the price was great and the striping addds style to otherwise bland white sheets
i bought this decanter as a present for my father and he has definitely been getting a lot of use out of it . it is easy to use and works well at keeping the wine preserved . i definitely recommend it . i just wish it were a little cheaper since the design is not so special .
how did this technology elude me for so many years ? after spending decades of trying to `` bring the butter up to room temp '' by , variously , taking it out hours before i needed to use it , placing it on the warm radiator , zapping it in the microwave , or putting it in a dish of hot water , finally i 've found a way to keep the butter spreadable and fresh ! few kitchen aids are as useful as this one . i would rank this up there in the top-ten list along with my 8 '' wusthof blade , 3 '' chinatown-special drain mesh , pyrex measuring cup , and my zyliss salad spinner . i bought this particular model for my dad 's birthday and both he and my mom love it . i have a similar version at home ( clear , see-through ) and my girlfriend 's parents have an earthen-ware version at home . they all work great.once you try this , there 's no way you 're going to go back to the traditional butter dish
works great . bought for making candle tarts and it did n't let me down . i would recommend this hot plate for any use
these pans are great , they are very sturdy and good quality . do n't buy anything else ! trust me
does anyone know of a good site where you can get a good deal on the bag liners for these great trash cans ?
i love the large size of these glasses . its great for swirling your wine . we had a large party and everyone commented on how elegant they looked and how much fun they were to drink from
i 've got a dog , cat and a small child- my floors have been a mess ! i am so glad i bought this vaccuum- the suction is great and it picks up all the animal hair . great price , too . i would highly reccomend this to anyone , especially people with pets- we emptied it 4 times just doing the living room the day we got it in the mail . now my hubby vaccuums regulary- he loves it too
i love it ! my kids and i had it open 10 minutes and ordered another one for my mom ! !
this is a handy , sturdy and attractive bottle opener you can use to either flip open pop-top caps or pierce the top of cans . its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional bottle openers do , keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries , and rendering it perfect for broth cans , soda bottles , cans of baby formula , etc.like the rest of the products from the oxo good grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . its elegant , stylized , standard oxo shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your oxo utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.after submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new. -- reviewed by maritza volma
a great quality french press that made bodum famous . simple , easy to clean and quick ! ideal for the times when you need a nice cup of fresh brew coffee but could n't find a coffee maker nearby .
i have some nice nonstick cookware that i needed whisks for , so i got these . my main reasons for choosing them were the brand , and the fact that someone in a review for another product said that these were all silicone , rather than silicone coated steel . unfortunately that is not the case . this is silicone coating metal . this is acceptable though , because the 5-year guarantee will cover the whisk should the silicone decide to peel off , and 5 years of cookware-safe whisking for this price is worth it to me ! the whisk is wonderful , and i 'd recommend it to anyone . just do n't believe the reviews telling people to get this for the reason stated above
the spatula is very good cooking in high temperatures on the stove . the food does not fall through the slots . it is so nice to not have the yoke broken when flipping the egg over when frying . it is good for dipping out food out of dishes also . the only thing was the loop on the end of the handle was broken when i received it . it did n't hurt the function of the spatula . it is a great tool to have in the kitchen
i 've seen this particular clock at other web sites . i decided to buy it from target.com because the price was good and there is free shipping . when i received the clock in only 3 days , i was pleasantly surprised to see first how well it had been packed . it arrived in perfect condition . i inserted an aa battery only to wonder whether i had gotten a `` dud '' -- it did n't make any perceptible tick . soon it was clear that the clock was working well and i hung it in my newly remodelled kitchen in a prominent place and i love it . i highly recommend this very quiet , well-made clock
i live in sw florida . everything down here rusts , even the nails in the walls . i am gradually replacing all my aluminum bakeware with stainless steel and have also been looking for stainless steak knives , having already found several good stainless steel paring and carving knives . amazon has a deal i could n't refuse . $ 90 steak knives for only $ 29.99 . i bought two sets and i could n't be happier . it will take some time to get used to their slim shape and lighter weight , after using big clunky steakhouse-style wooden-handle knives for so many years . my husband might not be as enthusiastic as i am about the smaller knives but they are sharp and classy looking and they cut meat very well . i will keep a couple of clunky ones in a drawer just in case . some people want fancy boxes to keep theirs in and these come in an aluminum box with riveted corners and a fancy clasp , but i do n't keep my knives in boxes . no storage room . i have a lot of stainless steel german knives and i consider them to be the best . i have magnetized bars attached to the wall behind my stove and all my stainless knives are there , handy and nice-looking . these will complete my collection of nice-looking knives on that wall , handy where i can just reach up and grab them . you just ca n't beat the price , but if you do n't like them you can return them . amazon is the best place i have found to buy everything i need for my kitchen , bar none . i will give these two shiny aluminum boxes to my grandchildren for their treasures
after mixing your dough and letting it rise the first time , this basket helps shape the dough into a perfect loaf , with an interesting pattern on the crust . my first loaf with this basket turned out perfectly . it is much easier than hand shaping a loaf , and much more rustic/natural than using a loaf pan . the natural coils shape and decorate the loaf the old-fashioned way . when it 's done rising , carefully remove it from the basket and care fully put it on a pre-heated bread stone in the oven . the loaves look and taste great
nice compact size-can be moved easily . does freshen the air in the room noticeably . on whisper setting is almost silent . on turbo setting can be heard but in no way impinges on life , maybe would sleeping . does shoot out air but does not `` blow '' with any force . over time , like a day , all the air in our 20'x20 ' living area changes . did have a noticeable plastic like new odor the first few days of use which wore off . have n't had any build up on the collection grid in these 2 weeks , but it would be easy to clean .
this stainless steel stock pot is just right for those of us who ca n't fit our favorite soup recipes into a dutch oven . cleaning it is a breeze , and it is still small enough to fit on a convenient cabinet shelf . that says it all
i 've cleaned my wedding rings and watches with it and am happy with its performance . no , it does not clean as well as the ones at the jewelry store ... nevertheless , it gets the `` in-between '' job done quite nicely
although it does n't mention it , these hepa replacement filters also fit the hamilton beach air cleaner model 04150 . i had to email hamilton beach to find out , but they were very helpful and responded right away . when the filters arrived from amazon , i saw that on the box it says `` fits models 04160 , 04161 & 04150 . '' with our cat and houseful of antiques , we always seem to have dust bunnies floating around . i run this model in our office , under the table which holds the computer . since placing it there i have noticed the buildup of dust around the modem is almost entirely eliminated . i placed the larger model in our living room and it certainly is doing its job . the regular settings can be louder than expected , but i leave them on the `` whisper quiet '' setting when we 're in that room and i do n't even notice them being on . i would definitley recommend the hamilton beach air cleaners
this bowl is very durable and i love the different colors that it comes in . the bowl is dish washer and microwave safe and my kids have banged them in the sink what seems like hundreds of times . we basically use them for eating cereal but have used them for eating ice cream , popcorn , nachos , etc . i love these bowls and am going to buy a set of fiestaware for my mom
cast iron pans are the way to go . no dangerous non-stick materials that emit toxic smoke if you overheat them . this one is probably the best i have ever owned . only criticism is that it is huge and difficult to heat evenly on a normal size gas burner . bacon tends to brown at the center while remaining uncooked on the edges . but for pancakes , etc . this is perfect . get this one and a smaller 10 '' pan and you 'll have bases covered .
we had an ancient kitchen aid and i loved it ... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky . our daughter now has it and is happy with it . we bought the hamilton beach mixer and i like it almost as much as the kitchen aid . the best thing about it is that the mixer lifts up , making things a bit easier . the only slight complaint i have is that the medium to high speed is a big jump ... it 's a little too fast for what i want , most of the time . another plus is that it sits beautifully on my counter
i bought these for christmas presents for a few people - and they loved them ! they were an incredible deal , warm , and appropriately sized . they were so great that now i want to go back to get some for myself . colors were great too
ove glove is great -- everything they say it is . my husband is the chef . it was my valentine 's day gift to him and he 's happy as a clam ! thanks , ove glove
this product worked as well as expected and the vendor was easy to deal with . the product shipped on time
i 've been using spiegelau wine glasses for several years , and they are excellent . the bordeaux glass is great for bordeaux or any merlot or cabernet sauvignon based wine . these glasses are designed to enhance the bouquet of those types of wine . ( they 're also not bad for rhones , though i prefer the reidel vinum syrah glass . ) if you drink a lot of burgundy , or pinot noir , or italian piedmont wines ( barolo , barbaresco , langhe ) , i 'd suggest spiegelau 's burgundy glass . if your preference is zinfandel or chianti , you 're a bit out of luck with spiegelau however . their chianti glass is n't very good . try the riedel vinum chianti glass for these wines ; you 'll be knocked out by the way it focuses the bouquet.some reviewers have complained about breakage . i 've seldom broken a glass , but it does occasionally happen during washing . my method is to clear the sink , run the water as hot as possible , put a bit of dishsoap in each glass . i then use a special ultra soft brush ( which i got at a local wine shop for about $ 6 ) to clean the glass , removing fingerprints and especially the gunk around the rim . then rinse thoroughly with very hot water . invert on cloth . after about half an hour , with the glasses almost dry , you can wipe them off with paper towels ( which do n't leave any lint behind ) and put them away.the main thing is never to lay them down in the sink , and wash one glass at a time . just do the wine glasses and pay attention to what you 're doing . do n't try to stick your hand inside the bowl when drying ; just use the paper towels.finally , even though these glasses are supposed to be dishwasher safe , i do n't know why anybody who loves wine would put stemware in a dishwasher . dishwashers always leave a film , and eventually their abrasive detergents will put microscopic scratches on the glasses , which lose their clarity as a consequence
i like this grater . it 's easy to use and clean . and , nothing is better on salad than freshly grated cheese
these pans are light and clean up great just do n't use metal in them . will buy more
i ordered the 45-piece place setting , it had to be the quickest turn around i have ever come across . ordered on a thursday , had it on a monday ! everything was in perfect condition . i am so pleased with amazon and the way they do business . i will buy from them again . the dishes are beautiful , i could n't be happier . thank you
my three cats adore this playpen . just moments after putting it on the floor , they started playing with the tease . they also love snuggling in the bed together ( 2 cats fit at a time ) . my only complaint is that i ca n't find the replacement teases -- they are supposed to be available in both catnip and non-catnip styles . the manufacturer does not sell direct to the public and i ca n't find them at petco 's online store . i would give this 5 stars if replacements were easier to find
works great , can use easily and waffles taste great ! my kids could live on waffles if i would let them , and this is an asset to have in any kitchen- makes extra light and fluffy waffles
i just got this waffle maker and have already made a perfect batch of honey wheat blueberry waffles . i ca n't believe how easy it was and how fat and fluffy they came out . i used krusteez mix , because i was out of eggs , and used frozen blueberries . the mix told me to add a little oil for waffles . the booklet told me to plug it in and wait for the green light . i sprayed it with pam . i poured in 1/2 cup of the mix on each side , added blueberries to the top , closed it , flipped it , and that was it . the booklet says they are done when the steam stops . they were brown before the steam stopped , so i pulled them out . no sticking , no spills.i almost purchased an $ 80.00 model , but decided to get this one after seeing all of the reviews . what a great deal
i was pleased with these canisters . the lids do not screw on but seem to be airtight with the rubber seal . the only complaint i have is that they appeared to be shiny in the photo , but are actually brushed stainless
this knife is great for hard cheeses , i can cut them without the slices crumbling to pieces . it feels very comfortable and sturdy in my hand like my other global knife . the blade has a serrated edge so you will not be able to sharpen it easily , but if you only use it for cheese , it should stay sharp for a long time . this is another beautiful global knife
the last 2 pitcher 's i had lasted @ 3 years..what more can you say :
we have some pretty nasty water from the tap , but this pur filter system makes it taste so good . i like that it fits in the fridge and actually holds about 10 large glasses of water at once . the hand held ones i 've used hold about 3 . i do n't know how pure the water is , but it sure tastes great .
i have been using this cushion for a couple of years now . i use to be able to buy it at walgreens but they no longer carry it . i was so happy when i found it on amazon . i have several of the cushions around . i keep one in my car , one at home , one at work , and now i have one to travel with . i take it on airplanes when i travel . i have broken my tailbone twice and the shape of the cushion takes pressure off of the tailbone . i have recommended it to relatives and friends and they all pruchased it and love it
i received this knife for christmas after reading the review in cook 's illustrated magazine and then requesting it on my gift list ! my son ordered it through amazon and it arrived before christmas . it is now my favorite knife and is used daily . after cutting veggies , fish , meats , and fruit , this knife continues to be extremely sharp , well balanced , and easy to use . what a great gift
i bought one of these for my apartment , and it 's quite an investment considering the constant cost of refills . it does contain the odor better than a garbage can , but does not completely eliminate it . the instructions seem a bit confusing at first , but it 's a piece of cake once you figure out what they are trying to show . with that in mind , it 's a step in the right direction and does a fair job of containing the odor ( particularly for indoor environments ) and is a better alternative than the hooded litterbox for kitty 's respiratory system
this lenox piece holds an extremely large quantity of soup or casserole . it is microwave and oven proof to 350 degrees , so you can cook and serve in the same beautiful casserole/soup tureen . handles are sturdy , but short , so they are hard to grip with a cloth pot holder , but easy to grip with bare hands . because of this feature , you may decide to use this as a serving dish only . good for a large group rather than due to large capacity . we are a family of 2 , so we would prefer a smaller casserole from lenox
i 've been using these for a couple of months and every nasty , gloppy mess i throw in it , including shortening , butter , cream cheese , sour cream and others have slid right out and cleaned up perfectly fine . i spend less time cleaning up then i would have with glass as more is pushed out . i have n't had any problems with them sticking and have yet to find a complaint with one and have gone so far as to aquire a 1 cup version . they both sit out and are never put away as my glass measuring cups are
i purchased this for my niece who was pregnant at the time . she started using it right away . she said she feels like the last two trimesters were the easiest and gives credit to feeling healthier since using this juicer . she said it 's very user friendly , and easy to clean up
i got this oven as a replacement for an older delonghi model we 've been using for years in the office kitchen . my staff loves it . i ca n't wait until they make me some cookies ! :
unique looking with the soft polypropylene body contrasting with the chrome ; distinctive and attractive for an item that sits in plain view in the kitchen all the time . with normal bread in before lowering , the bread sticks almost 1/2 way out of the toaster , making it very easy to remove hot toast , to toast smaller items ( the plunger will go up even further to assist ) ; the slots are extra wide so , although i have not used the sandwich cage accessory , i can see how there is enough room to make a sandwich and toast it in the cage ( apparently a british idea , and maybe something worth investigating ) . i am doing normal toast on only setting 2 , bagels on 3 and with the separate bagel feature they come out perfect ! ( bagel feature : push a button on the end of the darkness knob so that the heating elements change their normal output to get the bagels just right ) . the machine feels solid as if it will last a long time . the cobalt blue color is more of a bluish-purple in normal light , but very attractive.very happy with the machine ( the vendor that sent ours had it to us inside 48 hours with normal shipping !
these are nice quality sheets but i was a little disappointed..i was expecting them to feel more satiny .
delighted with them . an franciscan apple collectors delight . nice air tight lids .
after reading reviews on the wok 's available on amazon [ .com ] , i decided on this wok due to the ability to put it in the dishwasher . turns out it is a bit to large to put in my dishwasher , but it is very easy to hand clean . the non-stick surface has lasted , but i am careful to only use plasic or wood , and i wash it with a cloth and soap . it gets to temperature quickly during cooking , the only 'complaint ' i have is the simmer cycles ( not a constant heat , but on and off ) . i purchased some thai cook books , ( real thai , and thailand the beautiful cook book ) and was amazed with the correct ingredients and a wok , how easy it is to prepare my favorite food . the difference the wok made- i was able to cook at the correct temperatures . my stove btu is apparently quite low , it took forever to 'sizzle ' so the food turned to mush before it was cooked . i now use the wok for anything i want to cook fast and/or warm up
my parents live in florida , so we got two of these and rechargable batteries for use in case of storms and power outages . the fan is very quiet when operating . i like the fact that it runs on batteries - great addition to the `` hurricane survival kit '' !
great to have crust all around on your cornbread slice ! ! ! you have to spray the pan really , really well with cooking spray then heat it before you put the batter in to allow the cornbread to come out in one piece . i run a little spatula around the edges before i dump the pan . gave one as a gift at christmas and it was a hit ! ! !
i love this salad spinner . it works easily for two people , spins great , and best of all , it keeps salad incredibly fresh for many days . i highly recommend it
i like this style of salad spinner . when i ordered it , though , i did n't realize that it is as small as it is . it would be adequate for one person who does n't chow down on salad all day . i recomend the product if you do n't have much salad to spin
i am very pleased with the chemire dinnerware set . it is very durable and the colors are great . the dishes are larger than i had expected . they are a little heavy due to the size and thickness . i would recommend them to others
like the other reviewers , it would be nice if the plastic was metal ... but i love this little thing ! i usually have tons of honey everywhere . just put a little hot water in the base , let sit for a few minutes and it pours out great ! so easy that even my little kids can use it without making too much mess
glasses focus aromas well and provide a nice counter-point to reidel . anyone who worries about lead content need not because there is very little free lead in a glass and none is water soliable
yes , it is made to be a decanter for half bottles , but yes it does easily hold a full bottle . what i use this decanter for is to have a nice presentation of the wine at dinner . so , i decant it then pour 2 to 4 glasses , and the rest of the wine sits in the decanter on the table until it is consummed . if you use it in the same manner , you do not have to worry about the size ( but again , it fits an entire bottle so do not fret about size unless you need maximum air contact ) . i also bought a second one and use it as a water pitcher to have at the table , and guests love it
for the cheap price ( on sale i think it was $ 5 ) i paid on it , it is pretty good quality and is soft . if
i bought these sheets 6-8 months back . i have been using these sheets regularly . even after many wash i do n't see the sign of lint coming out . this seems to be one of my great value for money . . very soft and cozy . . excellent for winter . . even after many wash there are no sign of lints . excellent for the price
if you want the retro look and a super toaster ... ..this is the one for you . toasts perfectly and looks great ! i 've had it about 4 months with no problems whatsoever . make sure to measure your countertop area before ordering ... ..it 's a big toaster . shape is unusual ( taller in back than the front ) which gives it a little character ! excellent !
this krups toaster is the best i have ever used ! perfect toast every time . the wide slots center bagels properly and you have the option to toast the cut side only or both sides . the lift function eliminates trying to fish out small pieces with a fork or knife . the defrost function works great.if large bread slices dont fit properly horizontally , they will fit vertically as the toaster is deep enough to handle these large slices.the crumb tray slides out easily , eliminating the usual mess in cleaning out a toaster.all in all , the best toaster i have ever owned
i was going to buy the lello 45900 ariete espresso/cappuccino maker , because the price was so good , but i waited over three months because it was not in stock so i looked for a replacement and this machine was more than twice the price , but after using it , it 's more than twice the machine i think , on the amazon description it says the pump is a 16-bar pump , but after checking reviews on different web sites i think amazon made a mistake because on all the other web sites , it says the a pump to be 17.5 bar pump , that 's even better , and the other thing that i like , was the fact that it had a cd , that was not said on the description either , i never use a espresso machine before so seeing a short little videos was very helpful , shows and explains the basics , from making espresso two frothing the milk , cleaning tips and more very helpful . so i made myself my first shot of espresso , it was great nice little cream on top , it just looked beautiful , i did n't think it would work to good because i bought some pods , and i was n't sure how it would work , works great , taste great and easy to clean , second day i made myself a latte again excellent . third day i got adventurous i made myself my first cappuccino , and again great put starbucks to shame . the espresso i was using was the illy sucro espresso pods 906 , naturally the espresso you use is actually more important than the machine i guess this one taste great , about different type of syrups caramel vanilla hazelnuts irish cream , the syrups brand was davinci , so yes i am very satisfied with this machine , and i guess i got lucky because this one was out of stock for a long time
i purchased this in cobalt blue . it goes with my fiestaware dishes , as well as my pzaltsgraf and longerberger pottery . i also agree that the color and glaze are beautiful , and much nicer in person than online . it has a large capacity , and pleasing lines . i 'll most likely purchase an additional one in another color for larger holiday meals , to be able to use more than one
we 've had this toaster for over a year and my family loves it . it toasts consistently . it accommodates all widths . and the digital selector is great
this is just what i was looking for . i use it for the few dishes that do n't make it in to the dishwasher , but mostly for drying the baby bottles . the bottle drying systems are pretty ugly and can only be used for that purpose . this drying rack is very useful for the bottles and dishes
this is a great heater . it warms up the room very quickly , it has a nice feature of oscillating , it also works as a fan ; the thermometer is good
i had a regular incandescent book like in the same format with the light on an extendable arm . lasted a good while but the bulb finally went and i could n't find a good replacement . i saw the triple led book light and knew right away that it would be perfect . i looked at a lot of lights and nothing compares to this . you get great light that you can direct exactly where you need it . and it only uses aaa batteries ! defintely gets the 5 star rating
i received the shams , and was suprised with the colour . these are almost a mustard yellow , not what i would call sunlight . the picture shown reflects a lot of light , thus looking paler . the quality looks to be good , and i did wash and iron them . they do look good with my bedspread ( a blue laura ashley floral ) and pick up the yellow in it . for the price , i think they are a good buy . it 's nice to have a change now and again ...
i was one of the lucky ones to get this king size comforter . it appears to be a little on the thin side , but is very warm . i got this for the dogs and they seem to like it . the pillow shams are only standard instead of king . very good price too . ! ! ! !
cuts like a samurai blade quality , and does n't need to steel as frequent as the henckels/ wusthof knives . it has excellent weight for a medium sized hand . however , the handles get quite slippery when wet , so keep your hands clean and dry while using this knife for safety . also , if you plan on saving money on getting a cheaper steel , do n't , because this global blade is much harder than the henckels/wusthof blades ; a qood quality diamond coated or ceramic steel is a must , or if you really like the steel design , get the global steel which can cost quite a bit . overall , this is a good quality knife with proper care and attention needed , just like a samurai would do to get use to his sword
i have found this item to be very helpful . i only have 1 arm and dust pans are not an option , now when i spill something i can clean it up on my own
we are using 2 love seat throws for an old l-shaped sectional sofa . it really transformed the green plaid sofa into a nice burgundy color . the material quality is great for the price . the only drawback is the width of the throw just barely manages to go over the back of the sofa and it keeps slipping , say about once a day . the throw is basically a rectangular piece of cloth with no in-built mechanisms to hold in place ( e.g . a velcro system , straps , etc ) . so you have to put the throw over the sofa again neatly.if you do n't mind arranging the throw about once a day , this will be a very inexpensive and great looking cover for your sofa .
i bought two of these , one blue and one yellow and they 're beautiful . there is no way you could buy this fabric alone for this price . it is not fitted -- as one can see in the picture . it covers my hefty futon couch very nicely and i 'm completely pleased with this product . i do recommend it
i bought two of these beds for when my grands visist . it is wonderful . since then i have had several adults utilize the bed and all have said they will buy one . it was like sleeping on a water bed only better and it is level like a bed . grea
i have found this to be a very good product , and easy to use . i would give it a 5 star rating if all the removable parts could be washed in a dishwasher . i ca n't see why they could not be
as previously mentioned , while they call this red , it is really a burnt-orange . if you are trying to match some other red beware ! the potholders themselves are very functional and if color is n't an issue , then buy these !
the cookies were amazing . i really liked using these cutters . they came 5 days earlier which was perfect since i was doing them for bridal shower favors . the only problem i had was that i ordered two of the same size , and when they came in the mail , one was smaller . i had two different size cookies
this stock pot is enamel on steel , not cast iron , it was never meant to be . no reason for any confusion . i 've had mine for 5 years , there are no chips or scratches . no matter what i 've made ; spaghetti sauce , posole or any kind of soup . nothing has ever burned , nor has the enamel come away from the pot . turn the heat down , i always get perfect results.lecreuset comes with a great guarantee in regards to workmanship and defects . shame on anyone who purchases cookware in this day and age and does n't follow up with the manufacturer when there is an issue such as some i 've read above
as a vintner we remove the co2 from the wine as part of our process . this device uses co2 to `` pop '' the cork -- very clever . however this minor introduction of co2 is insignificant and will vent quickly . at times there is an off-taste -- like a lubricant or something which affects the initial taste of the wine . let it breath for a while -- 5 minutes or so and it seems ok . this device works well on corks , but is a hit and miss on composites and plastics . do not use it on partially filled bottles as it takes to much gas from the small cylinder to be effective.rew
the quality of the china is very good . the weight and feel of the product is substantial . i was disappointed in the color and antique look to them . from the pictures i thought the color was going to be more of a buttercream yellow rather than ivory white and the antiquing more attractive . they almost look dirty instead of antiqued but the price is right and they are certainly adequate for every day use for my family
i 've have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and easy to wring out washcloths . they are also a nice large size . so many of the thicker washcloths can only be used once or maybe twice because they can not be wrung out properly . the colors of the towels are also beautiful . i 'm buying more for our guest bathroom . thank goodness i searched on amazon . i do n't believe these wonderful martex new splendor items are sold anywhere else
this pillow holds the heart shape better than i expected from some of the other reviews . we have been careful so that it does not burst because of others warnings about the mess . still my daughter has made good use of this pillow and still sleeps with it every night
this whisk is excellent ; it is well made and easy to clean . i use mine all the time to beat eggs for making omelets etc . it is excellent quality that will last a lifetime . highly recommended ! a+
about a month ago , a friend gave me her gf tenth anniversary grill because she said she had no room for it in her kitchen . in return , i grilled up some home-made sausage and veggies and had her and her family over for a great supper ! i really love this grill . even though it 's got a big surface area , it 's no trouble for me to either take it out or put it away , and it cleans really easily . my tip for cleaning is to rub the grilling plates with damp paper towels while the grill is still fairly warm ; the charred stuff wipes right off ! i wish this large grill had interchangeable plates for griddling and making waffles , like the smaller g5 version does . just imagine the big breakfasts you could serve up with this baby ! i do suppose extra plates would make this grill too hard to manage , though , given its size . bottom line : i 'd highly recommend this grill , especially if you 're using it for a family of four or more
the refill accessory ( in both 50 and 70 oz sizes ) definitely cuts the refill-maintenance in half . since it doubles the capacity you only refill half as often . you still have to clean the fountain regularly as recommended . a different reviewer mentioned that the clear reservoir is not dishwasher-safe , and that warning is stated quite clearly in the manual . throwing caution to the wind i ignored the warning and now have an oddly-shaped container that with some squeezing still works as expected
saw a demo of this at a local sur la table and very impressed . the coffee it makes is outstanding . i plan to buy one later this year.amazon is being deceptive about price . they state list price is $ 2400 , and they 're selling it for $ 1798.95 , at a savings of $ 601.05 . not ! look at the jura-capresso website . the list for the impressa f9 is $ 1799 . that brings amazon 's big discount down to a whole $ 0.05 . the higher end impressa s9 is $ 2399 ( and amazon claims it is $ 3200 ) . do your research . do n't trust amazon 's claims for msrp
this cooks bacon crisp without any mess or spatter . just place a couple of paper towels over the bacon . i was using my george foreman grill , but this is easier to clean
let me preface my review by saying that i am a 25-year-old woman who is n't really big on doing chores . i got a dyson for christmas , and just tried out the dusting brush last week . my immediate reaction was : `` this is genius ! '' it is great for dusting computers , televisions , lampshades , bookcases ( mine are unfinished wood with several crevices , so normal dusting never seemed to help ) , the tops of books , cd organizers , ceiling fan blades , metal bedframes ... i have dusted so many things with the dyson attachment , and it works beautifully . this attachment will not disappoint , trust me . it 's already made my life so much easier and cleaner
we bought this canister set to compliment the stoneware we purchased from the same set . i am especially impressed with the seal used on these canisters . you would swear it is mechanical ; the lids open easily , yet seal tight when simply placing the lid on the canister . they are very high quality and look much better than the stainless steel ones we were considering before finding these . recommended
purples are most of the time hard to match , not with the fiestaware plum sugar packet caddy . the color matched just perfectly and all i could do is smile
these sheets were the color , size , and quality described . however , if you tend to roll over , instead of picking yourself up when you turn over while sleeping ... your sheets will very quickly begin to ball . yes , those tiny little balls you get on the clothes you wear . within about 6 - 8 weeks , the sheets have balls on the areas were the most friction happens . they are otherwise great sheets ... but they do n't act like egyptian cotton . they are thick , warm , but lack the softness of egyptian cotton and feel almost heavy like twill ( soft twill , mind you ) , but they do n't feel anything like my previous sets of egyptian cotton sheets i paid more money for . pay for the real thing if you want soft , non-balling sheets
this pan is a good example of calphalon quality and the design is very versatile . start a saute on the stove , add ingredients , then put it in the oven for a quick roast or broil . i am also planning to use this to roast pork and chicken in the oven.the metal handles stay suprisingly cool , i have only had to use a potholder when getting it out of the oven.i hate washing dishes , but this pan cleans like a dream.the only thing i do n't like about it is the high price
the glasses are nice quality , but like the majority of other people who ordered these they arrived broken because of insufficient packing material.you would think someone at amazon would fix the problem instead of shipping these over and over again
bought this opener because i was tired of trying to open tall cans with an average size electric opener.not only does it open cans that are taller , but it does it with ease . locks on can top , stays on through entire cycle . my last opener would often get half way through the can and miss spot before juming off track . not this one ! i am very pleased
easy to use and easy to clean and storem look online for jerky recipie
once you cure it ( instructions included ) , this wok is as stick-free as teflon , but not as toxic . the handle stays cool , and it fits nicely on the burner with its flat bottom . it 's a well-made piece of cookware
luigi bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that i would like to be able to expect from all vendors . when my product arrived broken from shipment , amazone.com would not replace it due to the fact that it was past their deadline . i contacted the luigi bormioli company and they were heappy to replace the broken glasses . when they arrived , however , they were the wrong glasses . i returned them to the company , along with the broken glasses i had received to be sure they sent the correct glasses . again they happily sent new glasses and even included a few extra in case any broke in shipment again . i would highly recommend these glasses and this company
i find that these filters are the most consistent in fit , easiest to seperate and do the best job of filtering
i recently purchased this double boiler and i am very happy with it . it is a good quality stainless and that is important . i love the `` vintage '' style , it is a satin finish and has an interesting shape , much like one that grandma had many years ago . the boiler insert is 6 '' deep , not counting the lid , and perfect for making frosting , candy , custard , anything that requires gentle cooking .
this bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up . i use mine constantly , and did n't think i would when i bought it . we reach for this ahead of all the other bowls and platters i own . i love my fiestaware , you ca n't go wrong with these durable and colorful dishes
the bat house is neat , fun to set-up and interesting to watch as it attracts fruit bats to my yard . it serves 2 purposes , a home for fruit bats while is environmentally friendly and esthetics to my yard . the fruit bats that live in it durng the late sprng to very early autumn control the mosquito problm making my yard healthier .
the stool is excellent quality - looks good and works well . the surprise is the weight - very heavy
this is a very nice pan for $ 20 . the non-stick surface works very well , even without cooking oil . the heavy aluminum heats up very evenly . the glass lid helps prevent over-cooking . of course , non-stick pans are for low-to-medium heat only . you can not use this pan for high-heat stir frying
this was one pattern that both my wife and i could agree on . the design is clean and interesting and should fit with most decors . i purchased two of the 16 piece sets from amazon for $ ... set and with the free vegtable bowles , no tax and free shipping , this was by far the best deal on the internet . my first set arrived with two broken salad plates and one broken dinner plate . my second set arrived with one broken salad plate . the repacement set arrived with one broken salad plate . the vegtable bowles arrived intact . the quality seems to be first rate . no warped plates or design flaws , but a few item did have some minor cosmetic flaws . amazon was great at resolving the damaged goods issues , but needs to seriously rethink the packaging of fragile items . the only fault i could find with this set is that the soup bowles are a little on the small side . i recommend that you read and following the cleaning and maintenance directions and this set should give many years of service
product works well but , i wish it moved greater volume of air . runs 24/7 since oct. 30
i have these on my bed right now-they are wonderful . i am not quite sure what the complaints are about . i got these in a gold color and they are wonderful ... yes , they get wrinkled . but i put them on my bed when they are still hot out of the dryer and spray then with a wrinkle releaser when i put them on the matress . i love them . i have a 20 '' wide matress and they fit so nicely ! for the thread count-the price is right ! i am sure that you will enjoy these as much as i do
this soup tureen and bowls are the greatest . i use them a lot , and just throw them in the dishwasher . great value
does it look and feel cheap ? yes ! does it do exactly what i expect it to ? ( make coffee automatically at a pre-programmed time in the morning ) yes ! i 've used it to make coffee before i wake up every morning for almost a month , though the design of the pot itself is pretty bad ( i kinda expect it to break or otherwise fail sooner or later ) it 's done the job so far and i ca n't complain .
i really like these glasses . they are attractive and pleasant to hold . i prefer having a wine glass that does n't contain a lot of wine - which is why i got these since they are the smallest in this line
i planted these last wed . it is now tues and i think by tommorow i will be able to harvest . they grow so fast you ca n't believe it . when i wake up they look like they have grown so much , by the time i go to bed they are even bigger ! ! it was very easy to plant and all i do is make sure they have water . there is a chance you can get mold , but i have not had that problem . i will buy more from this seller ! i am looking into the mushroom kits
i purchased this item last christmas and have used it to airate many red wines . i have had no issues with the decanture being delicate . infact we machine wash it after each use . the only issue i have had is when we first recieved the decanture we had difficulty placing the dacanture in the stand correctly . other than that it is a wonderfully stylish piece of glassware when not being used and a quality redwine decanture
this is truly a great waffle maker to have if you have kids . they love to eat them and make their own
i like this pan because of the tapered shape . it cooks sauces without boiling over because it is tall , and it sits perfectly on the small burner with no overlap for even heating . the handles stay cool , and the clean up is easy . beautiful exterior also . like all all clad products , this pan is worth the money . long lasting and well designed . the only thing i wish all clad would add is hash marks on the interior so i could see when i have reduced a sauce to half .
le creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products . the enameled cookware is cast from molten iron formed in sand moulds which are used only once . for this reason , one pan may look like another , but each is unique in its own way . cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently . for this reason , it is recommended to use on low to medium heat . there are a few exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay . otherwise , cooking with high heat may cause food to stick , discolor the enamel coating , or cook the food unevenly . remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly . this helps your food stay warm while serving . beware ; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavy as well . cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel ? iron tends to rust ; iron oxide ( rust ) does n't add any complimentary flavors to your food . if your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled , you would have to season and maintain it . adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good , but has multiple benefits . the enamel , being a solid coating , is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on , does not stain , absorb odors , retain flavors , and is easy to clean . the enamel can be damaged , so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood . the benefits of cooking with le creuset cast iron are many , but lets get down to the roasting pan specifically . this pan holds 5 1/4 quarts of food , measures 9 3/4 x 14 x 3 inches internally , and weighs 10.2 pounds . 5 1/4 quarts will typically feed 8 - 10 people when it comes to casseroles , so consider your recipes when determining the size you need . except for roasts , the roasting pan tends to do best if at least 3/4 full . any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot . i find that the cast iron adds a crispy texture to food that may be desirable with a dish like mac-n-cheese , while not so desirable for other dishes . add the le creuset 9 x 11 1/2 inch roasting rack for roasting chickens and pork loins keeping them out of the grease . some other possibilities for this pan include casseroles , pork chops covered with cornbread dressing , dinner rolls , baked squash , lasagna , scalloped potatoes , cobblers , pineapple upside down cake , or bread pudding . the possibilities almost seem endless to your imagination . one feature that people tend to complain about is the cost . the cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials . heck , cast iron does n't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping . however the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced . they then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans . if you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products , the cost tends to make sense . then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of . pros : extremely versatile efficient absorption and distribution of heat hygienic enamel cooking surface does not stain , absorb odors , or retain flavors easy to clean when not abused or misused can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table can easily last a lifetime cons : its heavy , as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 10.2 pounds
these sheet are nice and soft have them around 3 months now and ca n't wait until it 's their turn to be put on my bed
we bought this pad for our 2 year-old son 's twin bed and it was so nice that we later purchased one for our queen sized bed . it is soft and does n't crinkle and make noise like other pads we 've had . it also washes in the machine really well . we 've washed my son 's once a week since we bought it ( about 6 months ) and it has n't changed a bit , still appears to be in great condition . both the twin and the queen fit our mattresses well
cal king sheets , etc are extremely difficult to get in the stores outside of california ... . this was just what i saw in mervyn 's in la ... . a couple dollars less than retail . arrived promptly . washed it as soon as i got it and no shrinkage . such a dea
put these next to the riedel glasses and they show very nicely considering they are half the price
this is by far the best toaster we 've ever owned . it does not have the thin metal elements that glow red like a conventional , so i do n't know how it works yet , but it gets the toast perfectly brown on each side . a fan comes on and stays on to cool it down during and for a brief period after operation . the bagels we toasted in it were just perfect ! the microwave is large enough inside for my purposes , which are usually just reheating foods and defrosting . i never use microwave popcorn so i ca n't say how well it does in that area , but the frozen burrito i cooked last night came out terrific.regarding the comment one reviewer said about it not being space saving , i think what the company is referring to is the fact that , while the unit itself might have somewhat of a large footprint , it eliminates the need to have a separate toaster . this does indeed save space , not to mention an electrical outlet . overall , i 'm very pleased with it , but have n't had it long enough to speak to its longevity . i can tell you that it 's almost worth buying for the toaster alone
i received my mogu about 5 months ago and i 've gone to sleep holding it ever since ! they really are nice to hold.would reccomend 100 %
i ordered these glasses to have extra for a party . fun shape drew compliments . i now shuffled them in to use as my everyday glasses ( all matching ! ) , but i do have concerns with cleaning the larger glass . with no dishwasher , i handwash everything and i find it hard to reach down into the recesses at the base of the tall curved glass . the smaller one is fine -- my hand reaches
what a great masterpiece ! this beautiful salt and pepper shaker set is an attractive , useful set . great to use for bright rooms ! cheery color- even the pepper will brighten your day
second set of these glases , and love them . do n't sweat hold a full can of soda plus ice . even without ice , the drink stays cold . no problem with dropping ice in them , no breaking or cracking . great product
these glasses are perfect for keeping drinks colder or warmer and the best part is you do n't feel the temperture on the outside nor do you have condensation from the differences between inside and outside tempeture
it 's a three-piece roasting rack -- two sides and a long `` pin '' that holds them together . when assembled it has a rounded bottom and tall sides with handles . it 's supposed to handle up to a 25 lb turkey , and after using it with a 22 lb turkey i believe that claim . the tall sides and handles make it easy to remove your turkey from your roasting pan , and the wide rounded base holds the turkey nicely up out of the drippings without crushing the rib cage the way angled racks do . in fact , my only beef with the shape was that it was too wide to fit in our maxam steel roaster , which is currently my favorite roasting pan.the truly cool thing about this rack , however , is n't the handles or the shape . it 's that nifty pin at the bottom . you see , you just put your racked turkey down on its carving platter and pull the pin , then you simply remove the sides . that 's it . they pull right away from the turkey , leaving it behind on its platter . no more trying to lever it out of your pan or off of its rack ; it 's right where you want it already.for all of its non-stick properties the rack did take some real elbow-grease to clean -- particularly when trying to get turkey goo out of the crevices between bars -- but that is n't very surprising . it does make it unfortunate that the dishwasher is not recommended for this product , however . also , there is one problem that did bother us ; it seems that some of the non-stick coating at the bottom of the rack flaked off during cooking . we thought that perhaps the initial 30 minutes at 500 f was too high a temperature for the rack , but there is no maximum temperature listed on the packaging that i could find.i 'm still giving this item a rating of four because it 's just so incredibly cool an idea , and so remarkably useful , but i have to admit that i 'm not thrilled with the idea of a non-stick coating that flakes , and i wish the item was dishwasher-safe . i 'd love to see cuisipro develop a version of this item made out of a better material
some reviews make it sounds like every ec701 is defective out of the box . so far , i 've made 40 shots of espresso and 10 steamed ciders , and i 've been very pleased with the product . i 've been working on improving my technique and now i think the espresso is excellent . i prefer my homemade shots to the stuff i buy at starbucks and most other cafes , though this could be due to delusional pride in my own amateur baristaship . also , i may be over-excited because i 'd wanted an espresso machine for so long . the negatives ( so far ) are that it looks like there are is a fair amount of ongoing maintenance cleaning of the machine , though i doubt that this is unique to this brand . also , as others have mentioned , the espresso spout is low , so i drink my coffee out of ceramic ramikins ( although are n't low spouts authentic ? ) . also , i have n't gotten the steamer working quite right and i always end up with cappuccinos ( all foam ) even if i 'm trying to make a latte . hopefully i 'll get better with time . as for reliability , i 've only made 40 shots , so i ca n't speak to the long-term quality , but so far , so good . and heck , 40 espresso drinks at starbucks would 've cost me over $ 120 by now , although making it at home still is n't free -- if you use the convenient pods , it 's still about 50 cents a shot , and illy beans are expensive ( right now , i 'm using an unground dark-roasted kona , which is deep and very smooth )
it makes the cleanest and purest coffee i have ever tasted . i also use a moka pot , a french press , and a drip and only the press rivals the taste of this vacuum pot . to those who had failures and could not get it apart , i have no idea what you are doing wrong , there is little to go wrong . fill the lower pot , put on the upper pot with grinds in it , heat it , watch the water infuse the grinds , , remove from heat and let it go back down . what is there to go wrong ? if it fails to go back to the lower pot there must have been a vacuum leak , pull it apart and let gravity do it , or just stick something in it and dislodge the filter if you are in a hurry . there is no vacuum up top so how the coffee got `` stuck '' up there defeats all i know about physics , just dump the stuff into the sink if it fails to go back through the filter ; it is pretty simple . if it does n't work for you i 'd call it user error , try again , if you can boil water this should pose no problemi have used it 100s of times with not one failure
i have tried many different coffee makers and being a coffee junkie i keep looking for the combination of simplicity , cost and excellent coffee - this has all three ! the first two or three times i tried this the coffee did n't come out that good , either too weak or not enough body but now i have it down and the coffee is excellent . i make a double espresso and then add in extra water to fill my travel mug for my 2 hour commute each day . the other good news ... i 've now found a good use for my single cup coffee maker - it produce the right amount of water at the right temprature to use in the aeroexpress .
a good way to make a cup of coffee . particularly good if you want a fresh brewed taste , but do n't need to brew a full pot for only one or two people . can be stored in a cabinet or drawer , eliminating the use of counter space . a must have for small kitchens
high quality , soft and absorbent . large , all cotton bath sheets areexactly as described , and really hold up in laundering and usage . great items
great ! i love it ! ! goes great with my kitchen
this is a massive skillet ! be warned it 's heavy , but the handle and front grip help a lot when food is in the pan . it 's preseasoned right out of the box and with a bit of care and extra seasoning this pan is great . i would have liked a cover to prevent grease splatter , but the high walls on the side help keep some of the splatter down
i like the style , weight and size of this set , but i 'm not sure how it is going to hold up in the dishwasher . i 've had it about a month and am starting to see some rust like spots on some of the pieces like have been mentioned in other reviews . we 'll see if they get worse .
aside from finding out most like their waffles made a little more toasty and having to use the '4 ' setting , it 's pretty idiot proof if you coat it with a little oil first and make sure it 's warmed up ( keep it closed ) . i modify my waffle recipes and it works fine regardless what i do . sure , they occasionally stick and i do n't always get the batter in right , and the temperate may vary a wee bit the longer it 's on , but this is n't a $ 100 device , it 's just a nice little waffle maker
i use this in my 29 gallon , and the filter is excellent . the best part about it is the ability to control the amount of water brought in . it is also very quiet . however , when the power goes out and comes back on , it wo n't begin working again . you must add water to it to get it up and running . this has been a problem when i 've gone on vacation and i 've come home to cloudy water . the refills are also pretty expensive , and can get a bit messy . it 's all worth it , though . it keeps my tank in nice condition . :
locally one box of 5 runs about 2/3 of the cost of this case lot of 5 boxes . a terrific savings
everything about our miele ( red velvet ) vacuumn cleaner is top notch , including the bags . the nicest thing about them is the way you can slide a protective piece of cardboard over the bag hole when removing the bag . this prevents the dust and other vacuum dander from escaping as you walk the bag to your trash from the cleaner . this is just a small detail , but it exemplifies the thought that goes into this company 's products
i 've had the grind and brew for almost 3 years , and have never had any problems . it makes great coffee , it 's not that hard to clean , and it has adjustable settings for temperature and coffee strength , so if you fiddle with it a little , you can get it to make exactly the coffee you want.i gave one to my cousin a couple of years ago as well , and it turned him into a total coffee addict .
excellent value towels ! wash first so absorbantcy is best right away . blue color is gorgeous
i really like the electric skillet , it is the first one , i have bought . it is big enough to fry a chicken cut in half , both halves at once , and deep enough to make a stew . easy to clean just like promised . the only thing i was not so happy about was the handles . they give a lot , they bend , and one of mine is already broken . but that is really the only complain i have and i consider it a minor and would buy the skillet again
i love this - it keeps the bed toasty . i takes some time to warm up the bed . i turn it to 5 and leave it there for an hour . when i get it , it 's very nice and i turn it down to 1 or 2 . i find if i keep it on 5 all night i roast . i do prefer this product to an electric blanket . it has n't made a noticable impact on my electricity bills , and it was worth the purchase price . if you have a big pillowtop mattress , the pad does n't quite fit like a generously sized fitted sheet . otherwise , i would have given the product 5 stars
works great . i purchase 3 , one for my husband and 2 more for my children . good design . however , it would be nice to have a bit more room on the station to accomodate larger products like a blackberry , an ipod and a gameboy . the station is not wide enough to put three products like this on at one time
it 's not the most amazing space saving contraption in the world , but it works . definitely helps reduce clutter
in 1970 i was given a set of presto waterless cookware along with a pancake griddle . at that time they did n't have non-stick griddles . through the years the handles broke , but the grill fit over my stainless steel sink , so no problem . in 1999 i figured it was time to replace it with a new one . i really loved it because it never stuck and once again i could rely on it . in 2002 i started a pancake breakfast to raise money for our club . it started with my presto grill and soon i added a second one . over the next 18 months we raised $ 3,500 with those two grills , serving pancakes , french toast , bacon , etc . my 3rd grill is still going strong and puts out our sunday breakfasts at home . it is so refreshing to be able to depend upon the quality of an appliance these days . thank you presto
i 've been wanting a knife sharpener for decades but just could n't justify spending over one hundred dollars on one when , wa la , i discovered the wusthof 2904 model on amazon ! it 's so easy to use and , while the scissor sharpener does take some practice , it 's wonderful to have useable kitchen shears and regular scissors once again ! sheryl , california
this is a fine dehyrator . it 's quick and powerful . the description says the trays are 13.5 inches but that text was lifted from the description for the fd-50/60 . this model ( fd-1010 ) has 15.25 inch trays which adds almost one square foot to the area of the 13.5 inch tray . multiply those larger trays by 30 ( the maximum capacity ) and you got a huge amount of drying surface
i was a little hesitant to spend over $ 10 for a splatter screen as most of them really are n't worth more than a few bucks . however , i am very glad that i spent the extra money on this one.the quality of this item is top notch . it 's much more sturdy than any others that i 've seen . i 've been using this splatter screen for a few months now and still love it . the feet on the bottom are very helpful in controlling messes . the handle is terrific ( some screens only have either a d ring on the top or a thin handle ) and seems to stay cool while in use.this even got raves from my mother
this machine is larger than many ceramic models but nice looking and heats very well . the fan is very quiet . i like that you can use it as a fan without heat as well . my only complaint is that the blue lcd that tells the temperature does not dim or shut off and is very bright . too bright for a bedroom . really lights it up . i 'll be looking for some way of safely masking it . otherwise very nice but hope it lasts
i needed a canister vacuum that was n't too expensive that did a decent job on my hardwood and laminate floors . this vacuum worked out well . all we had was an upright and it just did n't cut it for our floors . this turned out to be a good product for the price
i bought this fan on the recommendation of a friend.at the end of a hot day , the temperature inside of my apartment is higher than outside . ; this fan takes care of removing the hot air and bringing in cool air from the outside.it barely fit the width of my window , but extender can be purchase afterwards if that ` s a problem . very easy to install and operate , there is a thermostat so the fan turns on when the temperature gets too high.perfect for smaller rooms.also the price is definitely right .
this mill performs as promised and is beautiful to boot . i would expect to pay much more for such a product . the grind is even and consistent . the appearance is sleek and modern , yet classic . i would highly recommend this mill and will consider buying another in the future as a gift .
as a person who loathes cheap , clutter , infomercial widgets i bought this out or sheer curiosity imagining it would be returned the same day . this opener is large , requires an electric plug and takes up counter space . but to my surprise it works amazingly well . there is a foil cutter that is stored in the base . the screw enters cleanly and seems to eliminate broken and shredded corks which can be frustrating . hold the button again and the cork emerges from the device and drops out . i always liked my sturdy and simple stainless steel opener . but this turned out to be a keeper . it 's design is contemporary and clean , although it looks like it should do something more profound than just pull a cork . it 's also a conversation piece provoking smiles from guests . a pleasant surprise , highly recommended and especially so for a person who lacks hand or wrist strength .
does what it claims to , elegantly , but small leaf particles get through the filter . takes time for tea to brew
i recently ordered this sandwich maker , as i 'd been missing the one i had in the uk . i am really pleased with it , it makes excellent toasted sandwiches in a short period of time . they make great snacks and i would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for this type of appliance
this dish rack fits into small spaces and holds a decent capacity of plates , etc . perfect for a small apartment kitchen ! love it !
this pillow looks simple enough , but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it ! the dogbone ( medium size , about 16 '' w -- i do n't remember specific dimensions ) instantly relieved many aches i had in my neck without forcing me to lie down in a flat position ( which often gives me a headache and makes it impossible to read while lying down ) . i 'd been to the doc quite a few times for the back/neck problems i 've had lately , but no rx worked quite as well as this delightful cushion . my only issues with it are cleaning ( stuffing 's packed very tight , so i 'd rather not try it out in the washer for fear of mold/mildew ; i spray it with disinfectant every once in a while instead ) & the outer material ( an optional moisture-wicking or allergen-reducing pillowcase would be nice ) . however , i bought it based on earlier reviews , and i do n't regret it
since i have been pleased with my t-fal pressure cooker , i purchased this pan based on the quality of craftsmanship . i like this pan for frying . its stainless steel with the thick aluminum heat diffuser bottom makes it robust ( it is warp free ) . other aluminum pans tend to warp over time . the nonstick surface seems to be less prone to scratches . however , i always recommend non metallic utensils for piece of mind . the center heat indicator is helpful to know when it 's ready .
i wish i had gotten one of these a long time ago . easily makes 8 pancakes or 4 grilled cheeses . my wife can even use it without burning stuff - which she admits is a feat for her - so she uses it several times a week too . it holds heat well , cleans up easy , and the lip on the corner works great for draining . only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is that the ceramic bottom scrapes pretty easily and it was fairly marked up after only 1 use on a regular coil burner stove - with gas you should be fine . it has n't seemed to effect the performance though , and for the money it is quite perfect
i just received this griddle today and am so disappointed to find on the small print on the box ( and not in amazon 's description ! ) that this griddle can not be used on ceramic top stoves . it 's a beautiful piece of cookware , heavyweight and with grease pour spouts at the edges . exactly what i wanted , but very unfortunate that amazon does n't tell you that it wo n't work with some stoves . the warning on the box actually says that using this griddle on a ceramic stove can break the ceramic top . probably would have given it 5 stars if i could have used it
many of you reading these reviews may be wondering how this compares to similar items made of cast iron . i can tell you that , while it obviously is n't cast iron and for that reason alone many will say it is inferior , it is still an excellent griddle.the bottom is very heavy and it conducts heat well . it fits perfectly over 2 burners on one side of my gas stove . i 've cooked several sandwiches at once on it as well as pancakes and some eggs , and the heat seems to distribute very evenly . i was very impressed with this aspect of the griddle , as cast iron is known for its even heating and i was wondering how an aluminum griddle would hold up ; it definitely does a fine job.the bonus , of course , is the nonstick surface , and it 's a good one , not some chintzy teflon coating . good quality construction . the handles are solid and it does n't feel cheap at all when you hold it . take care of this griddle ( make sure it does n't get scratched ) and it will take care of you
i have a manual sharpener , but in reality almost never use it . the electric sharpener makes keeping my knives sharp a no-brainer . there 's a coarse grinder for knives that are dull . for most knives the fine- and polishing-grinder works just great . if you have inexpensive knives , the coarse grinder will chew them up , but if you have well-made knives the waring will work well . i 've had good success with the waring
very nice , warm blanket , but too big for a full size bed , way too big
took the pan home and promptly fried a steak on high , thereby causing an apartment full of smoke and a pile of burnt crud on the pan , including a large stain , seemingly impossible to get off . tried everything including the company 's recommended bleach method . no luck ! then i tried baking soda as suggested in one of the reviews here , and it just simply wiped away the damage . like new ! ... ... then i set about reading the instruction booklet and have had great results using low heat . it 's really a different way of cooking , but the fried stuff comes out just as if i 'd used high heat on another pan . stainless steel 's great , too , of course , but this is a worthy and earthy alternative . i take the perspective that the ceramic layer gives the pan a solid foundation for the seasoning process .
we have had a set of eight of these in sea mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years . they will sit on fiestaware saucers just fine . i have never burned myself with the handle as mentioned below , but tend to hold it with two hands or with the saucer together , not just by the handle . fiestaware is very sturdy and even if the handle were larger might feel heavy in one hand . ( they are made like hotel china , essentially . homer laughlin is a hotel china company , in fact . the first set of dishes i had from them decades ago were some of their hotel line . ) for a bigger cup for cafe au lait style , i can recommend the fiestaware `` jumbo cups . '' we have a set of those in sea mist and use them for coffee , but also for heating soup in the microwave . they are both great . never been disappointed with fiestaware
very well made . a quality item . works just as described in booklet
we have owned the breadman corner bakery for about eight months now . it has made our house smell wonderful . i have to say i do n't use the recipes that came with it , so i wo n't judge those . for the price this is a beautiful machine . the pan has a solid heft to it , not like some of the other bread makers with seemingly flimsy aluminum pans . we have made many types of bread in it and have even churned butter from heavy cream . the best kind of bread is the one made in the pan right after making butter . with a toddler and a baby , it is nice not to have to run to the store everyday to buy fresh bread or rolls . the only time our bread has turned out not so good is when an ingredient has been forgotten . without the yeast it was n't quiet the same but our house smelled great
my daughter used this set and now my son uses it . we threw out the fork by mistake so i 'm ordering another set -- the fork is just perfect for a toddler but my almost 6-year old still loves the fork . i 'd highly recommend this
i bought this heater to head my bedroom/finished basement . the room is 16'x21 ' with 9 food ceilings . the heater does a fantastic job at heating the room , though takes a while ( ~1 hour ) to do so ... . which is fine with me . i really like the fact that it is dead quiet and has a convienent lcd timer . my only complaint is that it is rather large/long
we have finished our basement and have a home theater room which is on the cool side . we bought this heater to warm up the room and it works great
i was lucky to get the stainless popper on clearance . it is wonderful . we have used it for several months now . it is so fast and the pop corn is like movie theatre pop corn . i am so disappointed that target is not carrying the stainless model anymore . my college children who do n't live at home want their own , even my daughter who had not been a popcorn fan . i 'm sorry to hear about problems with the all aluminum models . when i bought mine , i chose stainless because i knew it could handle the high heat well - and of course the bottom can go in the dishwasher . hey , target , how about carrying the stainless model again ?
i bought a few of these collars out of desperation . in the past , my cats got out of any kind of safety collar within an hour of putting them on . since i was moving recently , i was especially afraid of the cats getting lost during the move or at our new home . i bought these collars because of the reviews , and everything that the other reviewers say is true . the only thing i 'll add is that one of my cats managed to chew through his collar over the course of several months , but it 's still the only kind i 'll use for him . at this price , i can easily afford replacements
we had our kitchen gutted and completely redone . i built a knife holder to use in a drawer . now , with the wusthof 25-slot , i have removed my home-made holder . the drawer can be used to store other items . i can fit a huge assortment of the knives we have been using for several years . there is no need to buy a lot of new knives . just use a sharpener and keep those old friendly knives . having the knives up on the countertop makes them much more accessible and therefore easier to select and use . you ca n't go wrong with this super storage block
looks great , just what i wanted -- i ca n't believe i have filled it up already ( i feel like such a chef
we bought this hand blender to get rid of the problems created by the power cord on our braun corded hand blender . the cuisinart took care of the problem.pros : very good power for blending , good battery charge life , easy to clean , clever modular construction ( battery separates from motor , built-in plug and charger ) , does not roll off counter.cons : larger and heavier than the corder braun . this blender may be difficult to use for people with small hands . very short people may also find use difficult as the blender is over 16 '' long.the surface finish of the plastic housing is very smooth , making clean-up easy . i do n't recommend washing the blending head in the dishwasher as this smooth surface may be degraded over time . the heat of the dishwasher may also degrade the rubber seal around the blender shaft . hand washing is easy and quick.one reviewer suggested that cuisinart 's recommendation of leaving the battery pack/charger assembly plugged in all the time was bad for nicad batteries . this may shorten the battery life , but the charger charges them at a very slow rate ; this protects the batteries from what really damages them : heat from fast charging.as the charger draws only 1 watt of current , some may want to leave it plugged in continuously.current recommendations for care of nicad batteries is to run them down until they no longer supply useful power . do n't run them down completely as was the practice in the past . the cuisinart batteries will charge fully overnight . they do n't feel warm to the touch and this slow charging rate will extend their useful life
it was nice to be able to purchase just one mug . the delivery was quick .
for big birds , rib roasts , etc. , you need a long knife to get a clean even slice . this knife delivers . it has great lines , and a ballanced feel . the forged blade is thin and flexible , yet still drives from the handle . the blade follows your directions well , and does n't wander during a cut . a real gem with top quality construction . i 'm a big fan of three rivet durability , but these contemporary handles look and feel so good that i chose them for the last three knives i purchased . blade for blade , these knives are the best around . at this price , you can build a lifetime set in months istead of years
although it has two prongs to do two shapes at the same time , i had problems with the cookies sticking together so i would recommend only using one mold at a time
buy some rechargable batteries ( 4-aa 's ) and you 're set ! this fan has saved me time and time again at work when a hot flash hits . just having some airflow around my face seems to help . it 's not a whirlwind , but just enough
i got tired of dragging out my trusty box grater to do small jobs like grating nutmeg , ginger or parmagiana reggiano so i picked this little gem up . it feels good in your hand ( no surprise there ... it 's what oxo is known for ) is well-made and cleans up beautifully ... every time . it is so easy now just to grab this guy and grate what needs to be grated that i find i am using whole spices more and more . grab yourself one of these ... you 'll love it
this paper towel holder is perfect for our country kitchen ; it 's simple , functional , very easy to use , and would look as lovely in 1807 as it does today ; we love it
good cooker , very functional , works well , been using it for a year and never had a problem
being used to the swiftness of the roomba ( 10 stars ! ) , the scooba seems very slow . it does not follow the wall as much as the roomba but at the end of the cycle , the floor is clean and sweet-smelling.on the downside , my carpet is at the same level as the flooring so i have to put up barriers to keep the scooba on the hard surface only . in rooms where the floor is lower than the carpet , scooba keeps to the hard surface just fine
ice bucket is smaller than i expected . otherwise , a very good product
not much to be said about this product . just watch for a low price and then stock up
getting those decanters to dry without spots can be problematic . this is a big help . the wide base allows better balance than you would think , and is really very secure . i would prefer a larger balance point , but this does the job
thest waterford flutes are absolutely beautiful . i know that some may think they are a little pricey , but its worth it . they make a great bride/groom flute glass for the wedding reception . also , its a great remembrance of your day ! they are so cute
there is no substitute for le creuset 's ability to distribute heat evenly , withstand heat without staining , and to top it off , it 's soooo easy to clean ! worth every penny
works , looks good , fits in the fridge well enough ... .i 'm happy with it :
who needs the high tech stuff ? this little frother could n't be better ! it works killer within seconds ! it even works on my soymilk ! i 'm so impressed
we use this to serve ice water at meals . it is so beautiful . it holds a full 2 qts . not much else to say about it . it is a water pitcher after all . it is a pretty piece that just looks great on the table . we have two , one for each end of the table
i just recieved this a few days ago , and it really works great . i purchased this for using with my non-stick cookware , and it works like a dream . i made alfredo sauce , and it thoroughly mixed everything with no problems , and the cheese did n't stick at all . great item , as well as product line..
i just bought this for my cat and it definitely keeps the mess and odor to a minimum . it cuts the cleaning time in half from 8-10 minutes of dumping the litter or sifting through it with a scoop , and spraying the box down- down to only 2 minutes . it 's just overall so much better than any of the other litter boxes/litter maid products i 've seen . and the price is reasonable . i wish i had this for my previous cats i 've owned
if you are terrible at making rice as i am , this is a very helpful product . the liquid tends to boil over if cooked at high temp in my microwave . i cook the rice at 50 % power for about 50 % longer than the directions recommend and it comes out perfectly . easy clean up in the dishwasher . it is a bit of a pain to store , but i 'd buy it again . also comes with a steamer insert for cooking vegetables , etc . but i have n't tried that yet
i bought this product for our family to start making pizzelles . its so easy to make and the size is just perfect.i would recommend this product to everyone . kids can do this too
i like the idea of this bundt pan . i made 3 batches of chocolate truffles on it . the recipe that comes with the pan is awesome . however , i have yet to figure out how to get the chocolates out easily . the first time , i used a non-stick spray ( not vegetable oil ) . i thought that might be my problem because the company recommends vegetable oil . on the next two batches , i poured vegetable oil in the little holes and spread it around using a pastry brush . again , i had to fight to get the chocolates out . i kid you not -- my husband pounded on the pan with a big rubber mallet to get the chocolates to come out ! i must be doing something wrong . i will call customer service tomorrow -- but if there is a trick to this , they should have told you on the instructions on how to make the truffles ! other than that , the chocolates turned out beautifully and i will use this pan again , even if i have to call my husband to help me out with his rubber mallet
these bowls are so pretty , the colors are great . they are a lot heavier then i thought they would be also . i 'm so pleased with this purchase
this is a wonderful item that your cat will love . i originally purchased a thermal mat from another website ( more expensive with a pattern that i did n't like ) . my 3 cats fought over who would get to sleep on it , so i did a search and when i found this one , i ordered one for each of them . this cat mat has been such a hit with my furfaces and is such a great deal that i just ordered 3 more , for my dad , sister and a friend to give to their cats . i 've seen similar thermal cat mats for $ 50+ . the pattern that appears on the super soft side is a dark green with subtle black leopard print and the other side is black faux-sheepskin . my cats like both sides . you can throw them in the washing machine and fur does n't stick to the smooth patterned side , which is nice . of all of the cat beds i have purchased , including a heated window-mounted bed that plugged into the wall , this mat is my kitties ' favorite thing to sleep on
we run an informal barn cat rescue . this winter the temperature has been quite cold and our barn cats love the slumber mats in their little shelters . i could n't believe that they would work so well , but they do
completely satisfied it boils fast and looks great on the kitchen counter . from england so used a lot for cups of tea.have tried several makes but cant beat this for quality and price m.william
my girlfriend received this kettle last christmas and it 's still working ... i even use it at times . so easy to use , fill it up 3/4 of the way with water and push down the red tab thingy . nice and hot in 30-45 seconds ... a minute for larger cup full
great for the money . feel like expensive sheet . very happy with it . just hope it is available with other colors
i am very satisfied with my purchase . the quality is as described and i will buy more !
soft , comfortable , perfect . i came back to buy more . i want to throw the rest of my sheets away . i was reluctant to buy sheets without being able to touch them first , but am so glad i took the chance
this claims to be 100 % cotton , but my girlfriend who is n't allergic to cotton broke out in insane hives all over her body . we figured it was the blanket because we did n't use it on some days and one day it was horrible , she was using that only.it 's probably cursed by the devil.aside from this , it 's nice , soft , and also light enough to use as a summer blanket , which i plan on doing .
rapid , efficient , sturdy and easy to clean . must to attached to the edge of a counter and the right edge was hard to find . i hand pitted cherries for 90 minutes and completed the same number in 15 minutes with the cherry pitter
this product was much better than i expected . i have owned a cuisinart hand held mixer for over 10 years and it recently gave up the ghost ( too many cookies ) ! so in searching for a replacement i tried a kitchenaid mixer instead . what a disappointment ! it did n't have the power i had experienced with my 7 speed cuisinart . i did n't want to spend more money on another 7 speed ( and i could n't find one locally ) so i decided to try the 3 speed figuring i would have to settle for a degrading in power.surprise , surprise the 3 speed is just as good if not better than my previous 7 speed and less than half the price ! i would definitely recommend this mixer . good product and i have always found cuisinart 's customer service people to be helpful when i have had to call
i love these glasses.i think the traditional stemmed wine glass is fine , but i find this far more practical , while being elegant at the same time.i have the set for sauvignon blanc as well , which are very nice.i 'll be buying more .
this comforter is wonderful . beautiful fabric and a very warm and comfortable piece . i am delighted to have purchased it
my mom has arthritis in her hands pretty bad . most peelers are difficult to impossible for her to use . not this one , it works flawlessly . it is easy to hold in her hand , and the blade is sharp enough to do a great job on potatos and carrots
i purchased 2 of these perforated pizza pans and they are perfect for baking pizza , also , i found them great for baking breads and other items as well.i would reccomend this product to anyone that bakesthey are easy to clean up and can store very easy .
the merchandise purchased was to be a wedding shower gift . when i received it i found minor damage and contacted the shipper who requested it 's return . the replacement merchandise was in perfect condition and i happily gift wrapped it and forwarded it to the future bride . i have not had an acknowledgement to date and hope that it arrived in good condition . i am totally satisfied with service i received
i bought one of these in august of this year . i used it daily to make a ham/egg/cheese/english muffin sandwich every morning with great results . however , after about a month , the non-stick coating started to bubble then peel off from the egg poaching pan . i called back to basics and had a new pan free of charge within a few days . the new pan has been in use for two months without issue . the people at back to basics were very kind and shipped my new pan without hassle.some people reviewing this product have complained about the stainless steel water boiler becoming dirty from minerals and scalded meat juice . others have complained about the egg being soaked in water from steaming and/or sticking in the pan . i have overcome these problems by doing the following : i bought a gallon of distilled water that i use in the water compartment ( at an ounce or two per use , a gallon will last a long time ) . this prevents any mineral buildup and keeps the cooking cycle time to a minimum ( keeping the stainless steel clean keeps heat transfer to a maximum , therefore speeding cooking time ) . every three or four uses , i wipe the water compartment with a damp paper towel to remove any accumulated debris that may have dripped down . after cooking everything , i remove the egg poaching tray and while holding the egg in the tray with a plastic fork , tip it on its side over the sink to drain off any accumulated water , then remove the egg with the plastic fork . i use store-brand spray oil and have never had an egg 'stick ' in the pan . i have found that if i want toast/an english muffin/a bagel to be pretty crispy , i have to run it for two toaster cycles . all in all this is a great product . butter consumption in my house has decreased dramatically , and i 'm not making a huge buttery mess on the stove every morning . plus there no dirty spatula and frying pan to deal with every day .
i owned an earlier similar model that was disappointing and never whistled once . but this kettle worked very well and the whistle worked perfectly , at first . but after only about 6 weeks of use , the flip-up spout broke off - actually just broke in half . i replaced it with a chantal teakettle and so far so good
wow- this speaker is fantastic ! ! ! it took a little time to get it setup but once we figured it out , it worked like one of our top quality indoor speakers ! ! ! when i read the reviews i was hopeful but not sure . now we love it and would recommend it to anyone ! we can use it in the font yard , down by the swings and even in the basement ( which we did for our son 's pirate brithdday bash ) . please do n't pass this up ! if you are in the market for an outdoor speaker , this is great ! it may take a little time to set up but worth it . enjoy ! !
twixit clips are a wonderful product . they are extremely practical and very useful for all types of packages . i hope you continue to carry them . everyone i have given them to raves about them and wonders how they got along without them . i highly recommend twixits
i ordered this item because i know wusthof has a reputation for quality . i find the kitchen shears sturdy and sharp ; especially appreciated are the easy-separation feature of the blades for washing and the handy lid-gripper for opening jars and bottles
i bought this knife and block set as a christmas gift for my wife . she loves it . our only disappointment was that the block was a different style than that shown on amazon or , for that matter , on the box it arrived in . the picture showed a block with six slots for steak knives . the block we got is the one now shown in the amazon add . apparently henckel made a change in their set about the same time i ordered it . we can live with the substitution though as the knive set is now selling for $ 50 more than what i paid for it in december 03 . i would have bought the set regardless of the block design but the steak knive slots was a nice feature that appealed to me . the knives are well crafted , have a great feel , extremely sharp and we love them . there were two extra slots in the block that accomodated another henckel knife we already owned and one other . we also love the selection of knives , especially the paring knife and small serrated knife . some other reviewers have mentioned scratches or uneven sharpening but we 've not noticed either of these conditions
i absolutely adore these kyocera knives , they are the sharpest things i have ever seen . i ordered this through witbecks , and the first one got lost in the mail -- that can always happen . when i contacted matt witbeck he responded immediately ( that night , from home ) and the next day sent me a replacement . i have never had such prompt and unquestioning customer service , and so i want to recommend witbecks to anyone
this rascal works great ! i put a half frozen bagel in it and it cut through no problem ! i would highly recommend it over a holder and knife
used for a month now , better than the others tried over 25+ yrs . for the remanufactured price , would buy it again if it lasts for a yr
this fan is incredibly powerful . it can definitely move air around a room . my one call out is that there is almost no difference between low and medium . i do n't know if it 's just mine that is that way or not and it is n't a big deal since i bought it to ease the air conditioner bill and i 'll tell ya , when you want to cool a room this fan does it with out remorse
i just got into wine a little while ago , and wanted some nice glasses to sip from at home , rather than just using a plastic or glass tumbler . but seeing as how i 'm anywhere near wine snob status , i did n't want to spend a bunch on a set . enter the riedel o glasses . they were on sale , great price for two glasses . they arrived and i 'm happy with them . they 're sophisticated enough to be wine glasses , but without the stems , they 're not snobby either . i would have given this 5 stars , but one of the glasses i received has a minor imperfection along the rim , almost a little bubble of glass , or crystal . other than that , they 're great
pros : towels are good in quality . absorb water very well . decent in length . soft.cons : have lint coming off when trying to wipe wet skin . still need to put it through a wash to see if it leeches colour
the picture in the ad does n't do these pots and pans justice . they are very very shining and heat evenly and fast
these cups are high quality stainless steel . do n't worry about putting thorugh the dishwasher or leaving in a sink . i was surprised by their weight and long handles . my old measuring cups were of much thinner steel and over time this lead to dents and deformation of the cups . these miu cups are extremely sturdy . the handles on my old cups were more typical too , while these miu cups all have very long handles ( ~4.5 '' ) . at first i did n't like the asthestics of the handles , nor the fact that the smaller ones do n't stand up on their own due to the imbalance this creates . however , when i needed to scoop something out of a small-mouthed container , i quickly reversed my opinion of these handles.cricisms : the interior has perpendicular corners . i prefer a slightly rounded interior corner for ease of cleaning and emptying . still , it does n't make much of a difference . also , while they 're not hard to store , they do n't stack all that well , so they 'll probably take up more room in your drawer unless you have tall drawers ( ~5.5 '' ) . i suppose because they were designed for cooking utility over storage ease. ( ... ) for the 5 cups , i 'm extremely satisfied . i feel these are top of the line . the 7 cup set is overpriced ( ... ) , so definitely go with these . i do n't understand why you would throw them away becuase you wanted the 2/3 and 3/4 cups ? just use the 1/3 cup twice or the 1/4 three times ... or eyeball the 1 cup . ( ...
most importantly , this is small . this is the same size as one-person clay pot rice or bibimbap . it is the size of a deep rich fancy curry takeout . one cup of steel cut oatmeals will fill up the pot upon expansion . i have no regrets ordering this size because this is much easier to tote around.now that i have received my shipment , i know a yellow one with a brass knob would have been gorgeous but i have grown to prefer the red . it 's so pretty . it did n't arrive chipped or anything so there 's not much to say about how it works . just keep the heat between medium to low . i broke it in by making hot milk ( from powder ) with banana so yeah , as a pot , it heats stuff up . no leaks . p.s . one good thing about breaking in the cocotte with white liquid instead of clear water is that i saw two floating black segments that may have been pieces of the coating - yes i did wash the cocotte in sudsy water before breaking it in . i still do n't know where those chips off of the 5 quart are now but i hope they are at least not or no longer in our bodies . i think this try me size is a worthwhile purchase because it is light enough to lift up and tilt with one hand to pour into a serving bowl
i bought this chocolate fountain for a 3rd grade class valentine 's day party . it was the talk of the whole school . the kids loved it . i used sephra chocolate ( a coupon was included ) , so i did n't have to mess with adding any oil . the chocolate fountain worked great and left quite an impression . the cascading , flowing , chocolate was n't quite as perfect as the pictures on the box , but it probably would have if i would have added a teenie bit of oil , but the pure sephra chocolate tasted devine . i also saved $ 25.00 by buying the chp ( champaigne color ) version
this towels are probably what most would expect . they look nice and have become my preferred kitchen towel - i cook alot . i would look elsewhere if they were used primarily for drying dishes as they are n't extremely absorbant
when i was looking to purchase a new machine , i only was looking for a bunn . bunn makes the best coffee machines , none can compare . every diner , coffee house , and dunkin ' donuts only use bunn machines . the a10 is one great machine ! brews perfect cups of coffee hot and quickly . everyone in my office is very happy with the unit . if you 're a serious coffee drinker , please do n't cheap out on a mr.coffee , braun or krupps -- frankly they can not brew coffee at the speed , temperature , or taste of a bunn unit . i bought the a10 to replace a bunn unit that i used for 10 years without a glitch
i really like this bookcase . it is attractive , and easy to set up . simply fold the shelves into place . although it is easy to set up , it is pretty sturdy . there are spaces in the back that items could fall through , but there are wood slats to hold books in place . i also like the size of the bookcase : it is not too wide but holds a lot because it is tall , and the mission sides are nice
the picture on the website really does n't do them any justice . they are beautiful and tough , and i 'm so glad i got them
i have found this to be the best i have ever owned . my daughter had gotten one and finally my old one conked out and i just had to have a bunn also . i envied my daughter 's ability to make coffee in literally three minutes . i used to only have 12-cup capacity pots but there is no need for it now . the best is that you can always have a `` fresh '' cup of coffee and it is always hot . it makes a `` clean '' cup of coffee easily and efficiently . we are thrilled with this product and highly recommend it anyone and everyone . this will be our brand of coffee maker forever
this pan is a good buy and a wonderful size for 2-3 member families . although not as heavy as some of the french copper pans , i have many of the commercial calphalon pieces and love the handle . the pan is definately heavier than cheap quality pans and the stainless interior is just what i wanted for acidic based cooking ( tomato sauces , etc ) . as far as scratches , well , what do you expect ? if you use it , it is going to get some scratches ... the brushed exterior helps hide some of the outside marks though . some have complained about `` scratches '' on the other calphalon hard anodized , but most of the time , they really are n't scratches , but rather aluminum marks from the rivets when stacking . in any case , they are easily removed with scotchbrite and some cleaner ! enjoy ! p.s . i chose the `` no shipping cost '' delivery and received the pan in just 4 days !
this is a big saucepan ! i got it for christmas because i needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to make pralines . this has become my favorite pot for many things ; from cooking pasta to whipping up a large pot of chili on a cold night . the see-through lid is great for monitoring food as it 's cooking , and the second loop handle gives stability when carrying and pouring . it is traditional calphalon quality with a modern look , and i love it
i got this trash can to put on the counter next to my coffee maker for discarded sweet & low packages . i love how it fits in with my black and stainless appliances . the item itself works pretty good for the most part . the only issue i have found with it is the lid fits loosely on the base and slides off when putting something in it . to remedy the issue , i am planning to drill a tiny hole in the sides and out a tiny hand screw on each side of the lid to hold it firmly in place.i 'm not sure if a review is the appropriate forum to mention that actually finding this item or one like it on the web was very difficult to locate . perhaps additional keywords can be added to the item to make it easier to find . i used search terms like `` mini trash can , '' counter top trash can , '' `` small waste basket , '' small stainless steel trash can , '' but none of these got me to this item . i 'm not sure how my husband finally found it .
extremely delighted with this product . not only does it perform flawlessly , it 's beautiful to look at . combine that with the best price anywhere , thanks to amazon and target , and you have perfection ! thanks .
i bought this knife for my daughter for her birthday . i 'm sure she 's going to enjoy using it . i had the occasion to use it at her house after she unwrapped it and found it to be amazing . it was so well balanced and weighted that when slicing a potato very little pressure had to be applied . now i just have to get one for myself . well , my birthday is coming up in february
bought this vacuum because consumer reports picked it as one of the 2006 best buys . better than dyson or rainbow . this is our second eureka , but this one is significantly better than the last . the last was a bagless model , and this one uses bags , and as a result it 's much easier to clean . bags are quite inexpensive , so it only adds about $ 10-15 per year ( 6-9 bags ) . suction is fantastic . noise is low . it 's easy to use . and i will add that we purchased a `` refurbished '' model , but we can identify no defects or differences . looks perfectly new and runs great . so the choice is yours : dyson for $ 400+ or this one which is better for $ 99 ? ?
you would never know it was reconditioned , it is probably even better than new , plus being dishwasher friendly makes even easier to use..
i would have given it 5 stars but my gerbils chewed the house up within a week or two and now after a couple of months they no longer have ramps . currently , they 're working on chewing up the shelves . so i 'm off to buy one that 's entirely wire . wish i had done that in the first place
this whale is so much fun i got it for when my sisters kids came down . they had a hard time staying on it though but it was fun for me . it was such a hit i have two now they got one for me before they left saying now you gots two so next time we come you can ride too . overall great , strong , and fun :
shamu is ready for you to ride him ! be gentle though ... he hates rough tubers and riders , he ca n't withstand heavy duty people on him ! if a heavy rider tries to `` inner tube giddy-up '' him , he 'll be over forced in his body chamber and will pop ! be careful ! liste
great all around microwave for singles . the only thing it does not do well is microwave popcorn
these are the best sheets out there for the money.vibrant reversible color lilac/purple.i was soooooooo very happy with this purchase.do not hesitate to purchase these sheets , you'llbe very happy
the sheets matched perfectly with my room , which is the main reason i purchased them . the quality is great ! the sheets are very soft and the colors are amazing . i would recommend this product to anyone . the reversability is also a nice luxury . it was a wonderul purchase
i 'm impressed with the quality of these towels . i purchased them because i needed hunter green and could not find that color locally . they are large , soft absorbent towels
the my pod and its filters work great in my senseo . now i do n't have to buy the expensive pods all the time . the only problem is i have to shut it off manually as it wo n't sense it is full and shut itself off .
hunter fan arrived in 2 days from amazon.com and immediately i noticed the weight of the fan ... heavy , just the way i like it . unpacked this beauty and plugged her in and off she went with a beautiful sound . i love the 3 wing blade and the speed variation is great ... from barely running to blow your hat off ... ... we love it , keep up the good work hunter . i intend to buy one for a christmas gift also .
i wanted to dress up my kitchen a little , and this does the trick ( makes me not dread washing the dishes . an added plus ! ) . it 's a nice cherry red , and i 'm a bit of a `` red junkie . '' i gave this five stars because it 's perfect for my needs . if you have a large family and tons of dishes it 's going to be on the small side though . the red colander 's a great extra , as is the little sponge holder ( it has suction cups to keep it in place , but mine does n't seem to stay stuck . that 's a minor detail , though , and it could have more to do with my kitchen 's tiling than the suction cups ) . one thing to note -- if your sink 's drains are n't centered you might be annoyed with the hole in the middle of the rubber sink mat.overall , this is a durable and nice to look at sinkware set . what more could we want ?
this is a great product , it comes with clips for a shoulder strap , but no strap . that is the only thing left wanting
i think these little candle holders are great for any occasion . and they are n't expensive either . therefore you can buy any color for any occasion to match any room in your house . these can be used for formal occasions or just everyday use
i really like these plates . i bought the crocks as well and have no issues with them . the go together really nicely if you are serving soup and salad for dinner guests . i love the colors and i am happy with my purchase . the price was attractive as well
so far this product is working fine , has plenty of power . heats food in a flash . very good quality for the price i paid for i
i bought one of these from a yard sale for use at my small office . i was getting stuck cleaning up the kitchen and decided to see if this little unit was worth it . i 'd looked at the small haier unit and was not impressed with the plastic interior . i broke a lot of rules setting this up . its not connected to the hot water supply , since i have a very old sink and the only other connection i had was to cold water lines . also , the machine is on the floor , under the sink . i bought new hoses to make the connections . luckily , the standard connectors on the back made this easy - the fill is a standard clothes washer fill line , and the drain can take a piece of garden hose . i was concerned with the garden hose holding up to very hot wash drain water , but so far its been okay . ( if i was installing this anyplace else or using this in my home , i might not be so nonchalant . ) my unit was used , from an area where there was very hard water , and the previous owners had never cleaned the innards of the machine . i soaked everything in clr to remove the scale from the sump grill , the heating element and the wash arm , and cleaned the gunk out from under the door seal , and away we went.since we are in an office , we always use the sanitary wash to keep the cooties down . the machine does an excellent job of getting even cold tapwater super hot , and the dishes will flash dry after the cycle is over , if you pop the door open . the machine has no problem pumping wastewater through the drain line and up 3 feet into the sink . one reason i avoided the plastic tub haier is noise . if you load this machine carefully , you can prevent items from clinking against each other too much , and the machine will operate more quietly . we 've found that we can run the machine , have the office radio on , and still comfortably make phone calls without much trouble.my only complaints would be that on occasion , the timer has gotten stuck ( once or twice in 100 washes ) . also , some plastic items have been slightly warped by the heater . capacity is very decent , probably because the machine is pretty large . measure first
fiestaware rocks ! the turquoise place setting is beautiful ... it is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com ... fiestaware is functional , calssic and fun- i love to mix and match the colors and the 5 piece place settings are great for this . i highly recommend mixing and matching fiestaware . i mix up colors that you would n't normally expect to go together and they usually look great
this mattress pad is plush , soft and comfortable . washed it recently for the first time and the quality held very well . fits the mattress nicely and does n't move around .
i was very pleased with how quick i received my purchase . i had looked for a long time for bunny cake pan
i purchased this fan for my teenage son who like the drone of a fan to sleep . i have since purchased another one to put at the top of my stairs to help circulate the air from the downstairs since we have no ceiling fans . my son loves how much air this baby pumps out and the steady hum has been a wonderful plus , saying he has n't slept this good in a long time . the 2nd fan has done wonders for the house circulation and i too have come to enjoy sleeping with it on in my bedroom . very sturdy steel construction , easy assembly of the legs . 3 speeds . top speed is out of this world . almost like a wind storm . me and my boys actually ripped up tissue paper and had a ball putting it in front of the fan and watching them swirl all over the house . what a riot ! i highly recommend this fan for excellent air circulation , sleep aid and some silly fun
i have used patton air circulators for the last twenty years , and if you are looking for something much more effecient thanthe common box fan that you see in department stores , this isreally a fan . the first one i bought had the c.f.m . rating onit , which was 9600 -- -- they do n't put that on the fan anymore , but it is a three speed fan that will really circulate someair , and can be adjusted to blow straight up . nothing i haveseen even comes close for the money -- -
apparently 3rd in the hierarchy of 4 models in the new s5 series of miele vacuum cleaners , the features , price , and accessories are not exactly linear in transition from lower to higher models , nor even across series . many of the older series models have more features and a higher price than the newer ones . they have fancy names like capricorn , red velvet , and champagne , leading to much confusion and forcing you to compare each one similar to buying a car . if your browser has tabbed browsing ( e.g. , firefox ) , the best way to figure out which model is best for you is to go to miele 's website and open a tab for each model you 're interested in . flip back and forth to see what text changes . callisto is the cheapest no frills model of the newest series ( newest technology motor ? ) that still comes with an electronically powered brush ( the 4th pisces model is turbo ) .after 3 months of extensive use : pros : agility - the 10  '' wide seb217-3 electric powerbrush comes standard , and one of the reasons i chose this model . for me , smaller is better . while other vacuums advertise large 13 '' power brushes to cover more area in a single swipe , i do n't have much open carpet space . coffee tables , chairs , weight benches , and computers , all need vacuuming around and under . the powerbrush swivels well to get around corners.brush duster - the most commonly used attachment ( for me ) , the brush duster is also small ( slightly larger in diameter than the hose ) and the bristles are durable . it 's angled by default , but even this plastic piece swivels to straighten out . this is not mentioned anywhere ; you just have to figure this out for yourself . on low power , i was able to vacuum places that never got vacuumed before , like over the spider web of computer cables and telephone wires . i even vacuumed the telephone itself and other dust collecting objects on my desk.parquet floor brush - initially , i wondered why miele would include this accessory when the powerbrush was included , but this `` wider brush duster '' actually does a better job on hard tiled floors than the powerbrush . the powerbrush seems more designed to churn up stuff from carpets , but the paraquet brush gathers and collects dust stuck to hard surfaces better . on the negative side , you might have to vacuum the brush itself to unstuck the dust , and i wondered why they had to inconvenience the horse for `` genuine horse bristles '' . there is no permanent storage on the vacuum cleaner for the parquet brush , so you have to figure out how to ensure the parts do n't get separated for life ( the powerbrush takes precedence ) .cord rewind - the mechanical rewind sucked in the entire length of cord every single time , something like 15 for 15 times ! ( the manual says to pull out the entire length of cord before use to help dissipate heat . ) cons : price - after all , it 's just a vacuum cleaner . there also seems to be price fixing in the newer s5 series , at least when i bought this . everywhere i checked ( maybe 10 websites ) , the price was exactly $ 799 or $ 799.95 , with the only difference being no tax and/or free shipping . one website even advertised `` the lowest price allowed ! '' what 's a diamond dealer ? is this amway ? release buttons - the release buttons on the attachments and hose are counterintuitive , being on the part that `` comes off '' rather than on the part that `` stays behind '' . therefore , you must squeeze the button with the same hand you are pulling away with . the hose extension button is particularly confusing . it 's an oval shaped rocker button that `` rocks '' very little . to extend the stainless steel hose , you have to remember which side of the button ( top or bottom ) to press . there is no distinction on which side to press , and it 's always a matter of trial and error as i yank and tug at the hose while pressing top and bottom of the extension button.stiff no swivel hose - the hose rotates at the top ( handle area ) , but does not swivel at the base where it connects to the machine . instead of disconnecting and reconnecting to get rid of twists , i 'd rather pick up the powerhead and spin it around to get out the twists . the flex hose diameter is larger than i 'm used to , making the hose stiffer and difficult to store in the same closet where i used to store my old vacuum cleaner . considering the price , an electrical slip ring would have been nice.bag full indicator - the mechanical bag full indicator is actually an indicator of how much the vacuum cleaner is straining to suck . put your hand over the end to block suction and it will indicate bag full . right out of the box on short carpet , it indicated bag full on high power . as i turned the power down , it indicated less full sequentially . you have to read the instructions about using the floor tool with the tool slightly off the floor to get an accurate reading from the indicator . even at that , there are caveats about fine dust or pet hair that can fool the indicator.extra stuff ? - the parquet brush comes attached with a short plastic extension that was difficult to plug directly into the stainless steel hose ( button does n't easily click into place ) . the extension is n't needed to connect the parquet brush , so you have to remove it and keep track of where you put it . to this day , i still have n't figured out what the extension is for , other than to connect other attachments that i might buy in the future . this is yet another piece with no place to store on the vacuum cleaner that i must ensure does not get separated for life ( along with the parquet brush , `` normal '' filter cage , and replacement bags ) .symbol marking - the power symbol markings are not obvious at all , contrary to claims . other than the symbols labels `` min '' and `` max '' , you have to read the instructions to figure out what the other power symbols mean . at least the power seems to increase sequentially as you turn the dial clockwise . the quite mode is # 4 of 6 settings ( with 6 being the highest ) , and is therefore not actually the quietest but intended to be the `` normal '' operating mode . i think most people will consider `` max '' the default mode.optional filter frame - this model comes with a hepa filter , so you do n't need the filter frame unless you 're going to switch to the `` normal '' filters , but brand-new right out of the box the frame for the normal filters came with a broken cheap plastic handle , apparently due to the way it was shipped with the handle protruding out the cardboard wrapping . you do n't even need the handle for the frame to function properly , but for the kind of money i paid , nothing should be broken out of the box . the vendor that i bought it from ( best vacuum ) replaced it for free.so is it worth $ 800 ? it does a good job , but only time will tell..
they are n't kidding -- this thing is razor-sharp . it needed no tuning up before i used it for the first time . the handle is balanced so that one feels almost no weight ... which is unfortunate , because i like the weight for chopping . but the hollow-edge design is wonderful -- the mushrooms and onions i sliced up were thin as paper , and did n't stick to the blade . i 'd recommend it
the cheaper ones do n't quite fit ... unfortunate because these are so expensive ... which is why i gave it 3 stars instead of 5 stars ... i would give five for the product , but the price really is outrageous ... they know choice is limited so they gouge their own customers ( hamilton beach , not amazon ) ... too bad the makers of these machines do n't have the users in mind , instead of their bank accounts ... they take advantage of people who need these humidifiers
this mattress pad fits my cali king mattress perfectly and the quality is exceptional . i highly recommend it
this came to me just in time to solve several cooking applications that have been bothering me since the holidays . as a lasagna pan it is the perfect depth to make a stellar presentation . as a roasting pan it works well and holds a small turkey or two 3 lb . chickens . it 's also good for a large casserole for a pot luck . the pan looks good from oven to table . yes - it is heavy to work with because of the cast iron , but i 'm really glad to add this to my pantry .
my husband was skeptical , why do you need a new $ 200 pot he said . well i bought the dutch oven , with two days of receiving it i made the best beef stew he has ever had . he said the meat was much more tender than when i make the stew in a crock pot . never again will he question me when i say i need a kitchen tool
i destroy cooking pots . i 'm especially lethal to the light-weight teflon lined variety you 'll find at the supermarket . my secret is simple : i like to cook on high heat and i get easily distracted . that guarantees that i 'll forget what 's on the stove and produce a scorched ( and warped ) utensil . if a lightweight teflon pot lasts me two years , it 's extraordinarily lucky . i now own four ( different ) swiss diamond pots . and even my brutal habits leave them unimpressed . despite regular disasters , they seem to shrug off what would vanquish a lesser pot . ( admittedly , i do avoid metal spoons and spatulas and clean them with non-abrasive means . ) they have excellent non-stick characteristics , superb heat-spreading , and -- love it -- are approved for very hot oven use . adding up to essential cooking tools ! and when you factor the price of regularly replacing `` cheaper '' pots , their cost becomes more than bearable . highly recommended
i have two of these in my home and they really help to cut down on smells and dander from our two cats . and the filters are inexpensive enough to be able to change regularly
we are really good about packing up our meat , vegis and fruit right after purchase . our vacuum sealer has saved us tons of money just from not tossing out stuff that goes bad quickly . the sealer came with rolls to make our own bags , but i found it too cumbersome ; these bags eliminate the difficulty .
do your banana 's turn brown and mushy before you have a chance to eat them ? this used to be a huge problem in my house . but now that i have the lipper beechwood collection banana hanger this is no longer an issue.i hang my bananas up the moment i get home from the grocery store . they think they are still on the tree out in the wild ! silly bananas ... green bananas turn yellow quicker when they are hanging and yellow ones stay yellow longer . once , i got a bunch of those little mini bananas and those even fit on the hanger ! the lipper beechwood collection banana hanger is compact and does n't take up much counter space which is a definite plus . and it 's almost like art in my kitchen putting those bananas on display
this tea kettle is simply devine to use - no cords in the way - no waiting for water to boil - just let it sit on your kitchen counter and it 's all automatic . looks beautiful , as well . i 've purchased many as gifts and have one at home and one on the boat . thanks cuisinart for this product
i 'm puzzled by the several reviews that say the filter gets moldy too fast . i am replacing my first filter after about a year because it has built up deposits of lime . i never noticed any mold
i loved my hamilton beach unit and when i got use to the small about of noise that did not bother me . dusting was way down and now that my unit has stopped working i notice a big big difference in the dust and my allergies . i have no idea why it stopped working after only having it for 3 years but it did . anyone else have this problem
i recieved this rack for christmas and i love it it looks great and my 4 year old daughter likes to use it too the only thing i do n't like is that it only holds 50 dvds and 2 racks look nice but any more than that is gon na look dumb i also like that the drawers pull out and sit on top for easy viewing
i had a pampered chef sprayer that i loved , but it got clogged and stopped working after 2 or 3 years . i should have tried harder to find a pampered chef rep to buy another one , the pampered chef one works better than this one.however , this is not a horrible product . one drawback compared to the pampered chef one is that you ca n't see through this one to see how high the oil level is . you want to fill it just a bit higher than halfway , and when it is less than 1/3 full you need to fill it back up or it wo n't work as well . this unit is even more finicky than the pampered chef one about the level , it almost wo n't spray if the level is too low . but since you ca n't see through it , even holding it up to the light , you have to look down in and estimate how high it is . the reflective coating inside makes it very hard to see how high it really is . you do n't want to fill it all the way up , either.then , you need to pump it more than the pampered chef one needed to be pumped . this one sprays a very fine spray , finer than the pampered chef one . and it sprays quite nicely if you have the correct level of oil in there . i think i know why my old one got clogged . so i 'm trying something new : each time i 'm done , before i put it away , i twist the screw on cap around the nozzle and release the pressure . i think if you leave it pressured up all the time , like i did with my old one , it damages the nozzle over time . but time will tell if i 'm right.another tip -- do n't fill it with anything but olive oil . other oils evaporate and leave a sticky/greasy feeling on the outside of the sprayer . you know what i mean if you use vegetable oil for stovetop cooking a lot , you get that greasy feeling on things that you leave near the stove or that hang over it . olive oil does n't do that , that 's why i now do n't use anything else on my stovetop ( except sometimes peanut oil for stir frying ) . this type of sprayer will work much better if you just use olive oil in it , trust me.but if you have a choice , go find a pampered chef rep and by their sprayer . it 's cheaper and better quality
i spray my foods with olive oil using this wonderful sprayer . it 's great to use if you want to avoid the unhealthy chemicals you get in the spray cans off the shelf . just poor in your favourite olive oil
works great ! easy to pump-it would be nice if there were a clear window to let you know when you need to refill
nice machine for doing quick clean-ups , stairs and car . a bit heavy but great suction . not thrilled with the method in which the hose for accessories is hooked up but a small price to pay for a good job . worth the minor frustration
very nice peeler except it 's missing a feature that every other peeler i 've ever seen has ; a protuberance that can be used to remove the eyes from potatoes
this was the second highest rated bundt pan in cook 's illustrated . i used an oil/flour baking spray and my bundt cake popped out with ease . it 's lightweight but perfect for me since i only use it a few times a year
cooking is actually a pleasure when you have tools that are as colourful and cheerful as this little pot . it is just beautiful to look at , and a joy to use . ( i never thought i could get so excited about a simple pot ! ) this little green pepper cooks evenly , in the oven or the stovetop , and clean up is a breeze . i 've use this to make casseroles for 2-4 , sides for 4-6 , even soups and sauces . jambalaya is one dish particularly well-suited for this pot -- straight from simmering on the stove to the table , it 's gorgeous . i 'm planning to get the tomato or pumpkin next
this cute little casserole is great for making soups or casseroles for 2-4 people . i use it for my morning oatmeal , soup for lunch and casseroles for dinner . retains heat so foods stay warm.clean up is a breeze ! i have the green pepper but want the red and yellow one too
our queen mattress is not a pillow top so the fitted sheet is deeper than necessary but it tucks under fine . having the elastic around the entire fitted sheet helps with this . the lace edge needs to be ironed after they come out of the dryer but that only takes a minute . these sheets have held up well so far and feel great . if you get the ruby color , make sure you wash them in cold to keep their bright color and prevent color runs .
sheets are great just the lace on top can be bothersome when sleepin
what people do n't think about is how hot chocolate works just as well as coffee in a coffee mug . i 'm not a coffee drinker but if this mug brings you great coffee joy you should also pour hot chocolate in it . i have to take a point off because after you pour coffee in this mug enough times a permanent smell is left there , which means using this cup for anything other than coffee or hot chocolate is gross . especially water . who wants to take a sip of water only to smell coffee every time you put the mug to your face ? not me . not that the smell of coffee is horrible or anything . it smells good and i ca n't imagine not smelling it every morning when other people in my home are making some.a great mug you should buy .
it is big and heavy , but a real workhorse . mixes things we would only do by hand before
this bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up . i use mine constantly , and did n't think i would when i bought it . we reach for this ahead of all the other bowls and platters i own . i love my fiestaware , you ca n't go wrong with these durable and colorful dishes
when i got this i was a little worried it would be too cheapy b/c the materials are light-weight . but , i set to putting it together and the directions were very easy and all the pieces were there and when i got done i was estatic . it was just so easy and looked so good ! i have a very small laundry closet and it fits perfectly next to my dryer and stands about 3 inches below the top of the dryer and is the exact depth of my dryer . unlike other reviewers , i find it rolls very well and is not flimsy or wobbly at all . maybe they overtightened it and stripped the bolts
i am a boy . when i bouhgt this stuff it was the first time live without my family.i do not know the cookwre set.but my female friends always say `` where did get it ? `` or `` it look really expensive '' they alway said it 's good and reasonable price .
i was a little skeptical because of the affordable price but i gave this set a try and love it . the pieces are heavy enough to maintain a consistant heat and are very durable . clean up is a breeze . i am very happy with this set and will be purchasing other pieces .
i recomend this item highly . can be washed without fear of water inside and can be inside the oven while cooking . works like a charm.mik
this maker pours well and has a soft handle . we actually found one at a department store so we were able to see it in person before ordering it online . nice little coffee make
i consider this coffee pot to be near perfect . it has no `` auto turn on '' feature , but i never use that anyway . the only thing that takes getting used to is the way the filter holder thing opens , but it soon becomes habit . my favorite feature has to be the water filter . it really improves the coffee flavor . it 's also compact . i gained a little more counter space
i like these knives . very sharp and a value for the money . long term who knows ... i 've had mine a little over a year and completely satisfied
i personally have n't heard a peep about silverstone in ages , and frankly , when i bought this item , i did n't even realize it was made by them . i needed new muffin pans , so i just looked for the best deal , price-wise . i saw this set , and figured it was as good as any.when i received them , i was ecstatic . when you think of something relatively trivial like this , you do n't really expect much in the way of quality , but man , was i wrong ! these things are weighty , very well constructed , and have durable written all over them . i consider it a huge upgrade from my old , flimsy no-name tins , and i highly recommend them for anyone who , like me , bakes a lot and really just does n't want to worry about replacing these kinds of things too often
i threw out all of my old tupperware cups that my kids were using and switched to a supply of fiestaware ceramic cups . now that my kids are all over 5 , we do n't need all that ugly plastic . these are durable and attractive . a range of colors lets them keep track of which cup is theirs . plus , it matches my other dinnerware . it 's the perfect size for them . when they get older and need a bigger glass , these are perfect for juice
i recently purchased the sakura embossed palm 16 pc . dinnerware set for my mom for christmas . she absolutely loves them . they are so unique and when she has company over for dinner gets many compliments on them . nobody has ever seen dinnerware like these before . she is a big fan of palm trees and these fit her collection nicely
bought this product with a gift certificate from my children . i am very satisfied with the bowls . i give this product a high recommendation
as a le creuset cast iron fan , it was only natural that one day i would try out their stoneware products . while maintaining the same color options and increasing their product offerings , i still prefer the cast iron products over the stoneware . even so , there are times when the stoneware fits a need the cast iron can not effectively fulfill.the stoneware is not intended for use on the stovetop . besides this , the stoneware can go from the oven/microwave , to the table , and then to the refrigerator . virtually non-porous , le creuset 's stoneware is fired at 2156 degrees making it resistant to chipping , cracking , and staining . the enameling results in an easy to clean and scratch resistant surface , and will not absorb odors or flavors , and resists moisture absorption . this line is sure to perform for many years.the stoneware line has many of the same qualities the cast iron line is known for . this pie dish can be used for ice-cream pies , crisps , cobblers , pies , shepard 's pie , tamale pie , or any other number of dishes.pros : fits a need le creuset 's cast iron line sometimes cannotsame high quality standards found in le creuset 's cast iron line , but lighter weightmade to last for many yearscons : not intended for use on the stoveto
i got this for my mother and i was n't too sure about the color i had originally wanted a darker color- but this arrived and was such an excellent product ... my mother loves and when i seen it on her bed it made me want one - this is one of the best deals i have gotten on amazon .. love it
this was such a great deal and i love this duvet cover . it is so soft and looks so stylish on our bed . i just wish is had a matching bed ruffle . my husband even likes it and that takes a lot . the color is rich and goes with so much
item shipped lightening fast ! in perfect condition ! just as describe
i was surprised at the quality of these knives for the price . i was not prepared to spend a rediculous amount of money on a knife set with a blade for every plausible occasion . this set has the perfect number of knives and each one feels natural in the hand.although this set comes with a sharpener , i recommend getting the wsthof 2904 knife-life knife and scissor sharpener . you will not need to sharpen these knives much , but that sharpener will make your life much easier and will renew every single pair of scissors in your house.i also recommend , as others have , to never place these knives in the dishwasher . also be sure to washt hem by hand and thoroughly dry them immediately after use . this will drastically increase their longevity.if you purchase these , and i propose you do so , then get a travel roll bag for knives . this is because you will want to take them to friends ' and family 's homes to `` show them off ''
i wish that i had purchased the sheet set earlier so that i could have enjoyed them all winter , they are so comfortable , even with flannel pj 's i did n't have any problem turning over . i completely recommend this sheet .
i overheard a flight attendant raving about the neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in shape magazine . i still have not tried it in the car or on a flight , but am excited to . it does feel comfortable , though is bigger than expected , so pay attention to the dimensions before you buy
this mug absolutely comes through as promised . hot beverages stay hot even hours later . it 's totally leak proof and easy to disassemble for cleaning . i am very pleased with this purchase ! the only thing that i am not completely satisfied with is it 's size . i would have preferred something a little wider , but the ability to fit in any drink holder is what the manufacturer was going for ... ..unfortunately it tends to move around in mine , but it does n't spill any thing
this cookware is nice and heavy and sturdy . it heats much faster than the cheaper cookware we had before . it also heats very evenly . the only negative thing i have to say is that the food sticks to these pans quite a bit more than it would in teflon . however i think that one negative is greatly outweighed by the positive and a little oil or pam fixes the problem
my pug loves this toy better than all the rest of this kind . he jumps to pull the beas out of the hive . he squeaks the beas . perhaps it is the contrast of the black band and the shape of the bea head . he went crazy for this toy and got exercise with it . it is better to play with you dog and hold the hive and have them pull the beas out by their heads . he likes the wing detail for chewing on . this toy gives exercise . i am so glad i tried it . he plays with the hegehog on his own . those are the 2 best toys . the squirels from the hide a squirel are fun , but the game holder is not something he was really excited about . these interactive toys are great . i have never seen such excitement and tail wagging . he hardly ever wags his tail and he did with this toy and the jumping is great exercise . this one is the best . it is well worth $ 10 for a dog who loves to play . i get him to stop destroying the house as much with these toys
i bought this canister vacuum about 2 months ago and i absolutely love it.it is quiet and i told my husband i swear it picks up the dirt off the basement floor from our living room . i love the automatic rewind cord . the cord is very long and i do n't have to look for a plug in each room i vacuum . i have all hardwood floors and two cats and it really keeps the hair volume `` in the bag '' . the wands are sturdy metal . i have gone through about 3 vacuums in the past two years due to plastic parts breaking . thank you electrolux for the quality build of this vacuum . the only thing that irritates me is i can not keep the attachments attached to the bend in the wand . i finally gave up and put them in a drawer since i seldom have to use them . spring and fall cleaning will be the only time more than likely . i also wish the vacuum wands would stand by themselves when i have to leave the vacuum for one reason or another . but it is still a 5 star even considering those two little things
finally a quiet vacuum with some serious suction ! i have a 200 year old farm house that really needs this vacuum and has been smiling since it arrived . the suction power on this vac is high enough to clean cracks that have never before been cleaned . the hepa filter means you really ca n't smell that you 've been vacuuming and the bags are a breeze to change . also , who can complain about having a hip appearing vacuum cleaner ? hey , if you have to own one , would n't you prefer to have one that 's easy on the eye ?
the first time i used this waffle maker i was very disappointed and regretted the purchase . however , i gave it another chance . the second time i used the recipe that came with the instructions and the waffles turned out great . my husband said they were even better than the ones i used to make . to avoid the waffle breaking when lifting them out , i lift part of the waffle slightly with a knife and slide a round wire rack under it
this stone is very functional -- works well and goes from oven to table because of its beauty . if you 've never cooked on stone before , prepare to be amazed . it 's a must for bread baking to develop a nice bottom crust . i also use the stone for baking french fries and other stuff . just put the pan directly on the stone and your food will be done faster . with use your stone will discolor . this happens with any stone . you also should not wash any stone with soap . use hot water and a plastic scraper to clean . this is the only all clad product i have that i ca n't get the stainless to sparkle like new . i think it 's because i left it in the oven so much . the pizza cutter that comes with this is the best i 've ever used.because of its size , this product is great as a bake-and-serve/occasional baking stone . if you bake a ton , i suggest getting a larger stone and just leaving it the oven all the time
i see all the reviews agree - it is loud - but i love it.i was able to sleep with it on hi speed - but can see how it would disturb some people . it is very powerful - great for the bedroom - i often wake up hot or cold in the middle of the night - the four speeds & remote control are very convenient .
i only gave this product 4 stars because my daughter has n't slept in it yet . but i set it up and it was super easy , almost one touch , set up . it is firm yet comfortable and the super soft fleece cover is awesome . it has moons and stars on it . the take down was 5 minutes if that . it 's small enough to fit almost anywhere , and deep enough so that a toddler ( my daughter is 2 ) will not roll off ) . love it and i know i will be using it often .
i bought a pack of 3 for my purifier . this filter does a good job and keeps the watrer tasting good
this is the nicest pie dish i 've ever seen . i dont even make pies but i got it to use for serving or to make casseroles or even to use for baking miscellaneous things . it 's diameter is bigger than average and deeper too . the color is deep and rich . i got the cobalt . i will find a place to display this dish it 's so pretty . got one for my friend too . she loves it as much as i do . at 20.00 and free shipping you got ta try this ! maybe i 'll even try a pie
not only do these burgundian clay pie pans look wonderful , they also bake the most perfect pies i have ever put together . the crusts come out even and just that great combo of crisp yet tender and flaky . i use martha 's pate brisee recipe , but with these pans it is foolproof ! i have the big one for meat pies and 2 of the regular size for sweet pies and quiches . wonderful
this fan is an excellent value for its price . it gives 3 options for style of air flow nd 3 speeds . additionally , it is easy to move the head up and down so that you can either just circulate the air or actually have the air blow at body level . i bought this fan because my old one had `` died '' in the middle of a hot summer . this one filled the bill and is effective in a small to medium sized room.the only reason that i did not give this fan a rating of 5 is because it has begun to hesitate when it swings to the right . this has happened to other similar fans i have had , but not so soon after purchase . if you 're mechanical , you can probably correct the problem by yourself.i do recommend this fan for anyone and any place . oh , did i say the remote is perfect ? ? ? because i am handicapped , it saves me from getting up and down too often
this swissmar fondue set is excellent . i love how stylish it is . i looked on amazon and other sites looking for a flexible fondue set that could do : - cheeses- broths for meat- chocolateflexibility is what i was looking for . the 3 in 1 is perfect for doing cheese to start with , when done with that course , remove the ceramic bowl , pour the water out of the copper pot , and put in your broth . although i have n't used it for chocolate yet , i 'm sure it will work well for that . using this setup for cheese is better than ones that have the burner directly heating the bottom of the bowl instead of water between the pot and bowl which more evenly distributes the heat . others tend to burn on the bottom unless you constantly stir . of course if you 're into the tradition of swiss fondue cooking , the `` thick '' part in the bottom is the tasty part for your special guest ! the burner is hot enough to keep your broth simmering unlike another i have used . also it holds enough fuel to keep things going throughout that course . you will need to refill it between cheese and broth - of course make sure it 's extinguished and cool before doing so . i used bottled gel purchased from a local cooking store.an excellent purchase - i am very happy with it .
these hangers were exactly what i was looking for at a great price ! they 're the first hangers i 've purchased in a long time that do n't leave bumps in the sleeves of my clothing . i would recommend these hangers
exactly what i wanted . item as pictured and arrived in a timely manner
we have total enjoyed the margaritaville maker . we have discovered many normal drinks taste great when you mix them in this blender . if you are into the creamy ( i.e . baileys ... ) drinks they are lighter and more enjoyable . we are very happy we purchased this
after using my roomba for a year and loving it , i decided to splurge and buy scooba . wow ! i think i love it even more than my roomba ! i turn it loose in my large kitchen every couple days and go upstairs and forget about it . when i return , i have a gorgeous , shiny , clean-smelling floor . once a week , i wrap a damp washcloth around my swiffer mop and go around the edges or my kitchen and deep in the corners -- but the rest of the floor is spotless and shiny all the time . scooba is a miracle.i did have a little bit of fussing with it right out of the box . i had to prime the pump to get it going . my only suggestion to irobot is to go ahead and include the instructions on priming scooba in the box instead of making people go to the irobot website to troubleshoot . obviously , from reading the reviews , you ought to expect that the customer will have that problem . fortunately , that 's the only trouble i 've ever had with it ! i 've never had to prime again and it works flawlessly . i 'm very impressed with scooba
i internet shopped for a week , reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made . i decided on this one based on my research and i am glad i did . i make my husband fruit and juice smoothies almost every day after work and with this machine it is a fast , easy job . ice and frozen fruit are blended into the drink very quickly.it is a little loud but it is worth the noise to have 500 watts of power . i also like the fact the base is heavy cast metal , the pitcher is thick , solid glass with a tight fitting lid and the blade is stainless . i like the easy to use control knob and the fact it has 2 , yes just 2 speeds . i find most machines with 12 to 20 little buttons are fairly useless and all those speeds rarely used , they also take up more counter space because the bases have to be bigger for all the buttons.the fact that the hamilton beach comes in 6 colors is just icing on the cake and the moroccan red is gorgeous .
this miniature pot is decorative as well as utilitarian since it can be used on the flame for melting butter or small amounts of sauces
the plastic top has no vents thereby producing rubbery , boiled tasting popcorn . easily solved ! i drilled about a dozen 1/8 inch holes in the top ( bottom ? ) of the plastic bowl and voila ! wonderful , crispy , crunchy popcorn .
i got this to replace my bulky turner that i got from the dollar store for $ 1.00 . for an extra $ 3 or so i got this lovely turner that gets under pancakes and eggs and also teases my belgium waffles out the waffle maker for me . also , the turner part looks plastic , but i guess it 's silicone or something because it does not melt . also you can wash it in the dishwasher in the hottest heat . if washing by hand , its easily washable too ! i have both the blue and green , flashy colors so it is easily spottable in my kitchen .
this is my first grill pan and it work very well . i have only cooked chicken on it so far and i have found that i like the way tenders cook better then really thick chicken breasts
i found this knife set to contain the sharpest knives out of the box of any knives that i have ever bought . they hold an edge well and have a good balance . the integrated bolster adds to the controllability of the knives . the only problem with the set is the steel hone . i find it is too course to be used except on the dullest knife . that is the only detractor from the set
i must admit i 'm really surprised at just how great this little stick vacuum is . only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is it 's still too early as i 've only had it for a month or so , and things may change quickly considering the amount of use it 's been given . we have two seaside vacation rental cottages along with our own home , and have been using this vacuum in all three places at least twice a week . along with the normal amount of dirt and dust we also have the sand factor to deal with , and so far there has been no problem . i highly recommend this little guy , and in fact may get two more to put into the cottages instead of carting this one all over the place.one suggestion though . wonder how long it 'll be before someone comes up with a combination of corded and cordless model . that way it could be constantly recharging when using it in the electric mode .
i had bought my first fiestaware cereal bown sight unseen from amazon.com , and i absolutely love the rich , cinnamon color of cinnabar ! the cereal bowl comes in handy and we use it for hot and cold cereal , soup , ice cream , and leftovers ( smaller portions ) . it 's microwaveable , too ! if you 've never used fiestaware before , this would be a great introduction to the line , especially if you have use for smaller soup/cereal bowls .
i , too , have an electric stove - i 'm glad others mentioned that ! cooks nicely , cleans up easily . absolutely love it - great price , too
ever since my curlers arrived i have been obsessed . i love the curls i get from the larger size . just roll your hair when you wake up , do your make , eat breakfast , and when your ready to walk out the door just take 30 seconds to pull out the curlers ( very painless ) and you look like one of the girls on the shampoo commercials . i love this product ! ! !
my son , who lives in washington , uses these fans exclusively for air conditioning his house in the summer . we live in california , but bought this fan to help vent our computer room , which gets way too hot in the summer despite air conditioning . because it either brings air in or vents air out and is thermostatically controlled , it works great . we plan on buying 3 more next summer to keep our air conditioning bill down .
about a year ago i was looking for an espresso/cappuccino machine that would be both great in quality and easy to use . i also wanted it to look contemporary , to fit the style of other things in the house . on the other hand , i did n't want to spend a fortune for some expensive brands that run up to $ 12,000 . at that moment i was lucky enough to order from amazon breville 800jexl juice fountain elite . that juicer impressed me so much , that i was happy to buy breville 's whatever - which happened to be breville 800esxl die-cast espresso machine . it is reasonably priced for style and quality and so far i , my husband and all our guests are happy with both espresso and cappuccino . i only wish i could do more than 2 cups at the same time . a year later , i still think it was a great buy and it works as well as ever
the product came in a slightly damaged plastic cover pouch ... there was a smudged dirty smear across the damaged pouch area , which came out with laundering . other than that , the sheets are great . the lace needs starch and ironing . the fitted sheet fits over two twin beds that are made for individual remote adjustment positions of the mattresses , these two beds are put together to make a king bed . this product was a christmas gift and it was well received
i have always used the metal irons and was concerned about the nonstick . i was afraid the structure would create thicker pizzelles which are more cookie like versus light and wafer . the first ones came out and were sticking to the surface . i was disheartened thinking i am having the same problem as with the metal . i switched to nonstick to avoid this . oh well , try again ... .and from that moment on was smooth sailing . i like the light indicator on this model , the easy clean up , storage design ... ..just everything .
the pizzelle baker performed very well . the batches of pizzelles were excellent and the recipes included were good . i recommend this pizzelle iron .
very loud and heavy . i have used lighter and less noisy vacuums in the past . this one does pick up hair and lint very well . seems to deep-clean . for the price , it was a good deal
its a great product ! good quality . not enough velco ( sp ) for the bumpers , my bulldog takes them right off
very satisfied with the system . makes water tastes go away . water should not have a taste at all and brita makes it that way
appears to be their regular coffeemaker except a thermal carafe is substituted for the glass one and watch out for that hot plate burner ! it 's a bit tough on the fingers if you were n't expecting the carafe to be heated . basically , this is a good coffeemaker ; just not quite worth the price tag . for that amount of money , i expected something more
the english take their toast seriously , and while i do n't share their affinity for beans on toast for breakfast , i lusted after this gorgeous piece of appliance art at williams-sonoma for years . about seven years ago , when the dollar was still strong versus the british pound , i bought the 2+2 combi model by mail from a restaurant supplier in the uk for about $ 100 less than the then-going us price . while it 's a bit dicey fitting thick-cut bagels into the slots ( not a big bread item in the uk ) , i solve the problem by using the sandwich baskets to contain them . the toasting is even , and i actually the enjoy the old-fashioned timer without pop-up , which keeps the toast warm while the rest of breakfast is being assembled . unlike others , i do not unplug it after each use . never had a problem . the crumb tray is terrific , and actually does catch every bit of crumb without a mess . i 've had the $ 100 krups and cuisinart models , which burned out within two years . this one is made for restaurant use , and i expect it to last a lifetime . worth every penny , if you appreciate high-end kitchen appliances and tools
i just love my new multi tasking opener . i have arthritis and it was difficult to open jars and this has been a life saver
i 'm glad we went back to braun for a coffee maker . tried a few others but they were n't as good . braun makes a hot , good cup of java , faster than most . i do wish they would go back to the 12 cup pot
i really enjoy cooking in this pot . it has lots of space and is great for all kinds of dishes . the enamel surface is wonderful . i love to cook a dish in the pot and serve from it at the table when its just the family . the only drawback is how heavy the pot is , but that does n't change the fact this is my favorite and now most used pot in my kitchen !
the best buy i have ever found on 1000 count sheets ! they are excellent quality
i just want to say i am not sure why the person who lost a piece of the product in her ( dawn ulepich `` dawnski337 '' ( illinois ) ) haste is criticizing the company for a bad product . i have only had one problem ever with a rival product and when i called the company , they immediately sent a new product out to take care of the problem even though it was not a product problem but rather a handling problem . i have found that they are a more than fair company and will take care of their customers . they probably would have even taken care of replacement of the plastic part ( even though she lost it ) . it is not fair to penalize the store from which it was bought or the company that produced it because of her carelessness
i burned up countless lesser spatulas before i found this one . try as i might , i can not damage it . not even in cast iron cookware . get one and see for yourself
i literally received the order 1 day after placing it . thank you
i have just opened the three sets and they are beautiful . they arrived in perfect condition and i can not believe how fast the delivery was . a perfect addition for our dinner table
these are my favorite cookers . so much so , i bought this one for my friend
we have had one of these grinders for over 15 years . it was always the best and easiest to use . simple to change grind size , easy to fill and the side turn gives excellent leverage when grinding . we broke the top and kept it in place with duct tape - not real pretty . we were so happy to find the same grinder and now have two
they have the crackle one expects from a percale sheet . refreshing as the snap of a breeze hitting sailing canvas . a man 's kind of sheet
this platter is much nicer than i was expecting , larger too . the glaze technique really looks beautiful on this piece and it will make a nice addition to my table setting . it is well made without being overly heavy it came well packaged and arrived only 3 days after i placed my order with the free shipping.thanks amazon for having the companion pieces i ca n't seem to find in any department store
this has got to be the greatest little heater . the only problem that i had was getting it to stop beeping when you change a setting . other than that , i really like the remote , and use this in my office at work .
we bought two santas and two pacconi christmas trees when they were on a steep discount at amazon -- they were the best gifts we gave , immediate hits with each couple , one in their late 50 's , one in the mid-20 's . in each case the response was the same : `` it 's like my childhood ; they are going in the living room each season . `` vivid but soft , these are superb decorations .
i received the food mill promptly , and in perfect condition . it was as stated by the seller
i just love this garlic roaster , it roasts up to 3 med . size bulbs of garlic in less than 30 min . i like the idea of a mini roaster so i do not have to heat up my convection oven for such a small quanity of garlic . it is easy to clean and has great appeal in the kitchen . it has an automatic light and lets you know when roasting is complete . it cooks to perfection while lightly roasting the garlic ( top facing down ) and i like to use a cloth to handle the hot garlic and squeeze them into my mashed potatoes , if you allow the garlic to cool off , the cloves firm up and are great eaten with a desert fork . i use spanish roja garlic in this roaster and it comes out perfect every time . i have used this machine for 5 months now and have since purchased another one as a gift
we bought this waffle maker because the american ones are hard to find . and this one got great reviews . so given that we prefer american waffles to belgian waffles , we still like this waffle maker ok . very easy to clean , and definitely non-stick
i was a little worried about buying a reconditioned ice cream maker , but when it arrived it was just like brand new , including all original packing , perfect . i was also afraid that it would be too underpowered to freeze the sorbets and ice creams adequately , but again , it was quite strong in this regard , and froze the mixtures perfectly . admittedly , does n't make a huge amount , but the convenience of not having to constantly add ice cubes and salt in the old wooden tub machine more than makes up for it . and it 's way quieter than the old fashioned freezers . also it was half the price of a new one . buy it !
this is a killer machine . it is a little noisey but well worth the small inconvience . i have been using this for three weeks and am lovin i
a great ice cream maker . no prefreezing bowls . it is loud so plan your ice cream making accordingly - you will not want to be in the same room as this thing when it is going unless you are already deaf lol ! the price of this remanufactured unit along with the amazon discount running at the time brought it to 125 with no shipping fees . try to get that on ebay ! this unit stays on my countertop at all times and attracts much interest from visitors . the ice cream is wonderful - i recommend ben and jerry 's cookbook and a good ice cream scoop . replacement parts can be found on the manufacturer 's website and are reasonably priced .
these are good quality sheets . they are a bit narrow compared to what i 'm used to . i 've used them everyday for about 2 months now , and there are no scratches and they clean up super easy still
as everyone else has indicated , programming is n't intuitive . the opening was larger than necessary and my cats learned to stick their paws up inside the machine to steal more food within a few days . we blocked off half of the food shute by using two very small screws and heavy duty plastic and the cats were no longer able to sneak food between feedings . prior to using this feeder , the cats would wake us up at the crack of dawn , crying for food . now , they associate feedings with the machine and leave us to sleep in peace ! well worth the money for us ! !
i collect both old and new fiesta ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new sunflower yellow dinnerware . the color is wonderful ; much darker and more golden than the `` old '' yellow . this bowl , particularly , is nice . because it is not too deep , your dinner guests can see your favorite dish ; because it holds two quarts , there 's plenty to serve . very lovely product that is easy to take care of
i wanted a dual coffee/espresso maker thinking i would mostly drink regular coffee with the occasional latte indulgence , but i was totally surprised how easy it is to use , and now it 's lattes every day . also , there was almost no learning curve -- my first cup ( surprisingly , from what i 've read elsewhere ) was near perfect , and apparently it was n't a fluke . if there is any drawback , it 's only that there is no warming plate under the espresso carafe ( but i 'm sure a purist would scoff at such a notion ) . if i have one recommendation , it is to spring for a stainless steel carafe ( or whatever it 's called ) to steam your milk . i 'm not a physicist so i 'm not sure why , but it does make a difference . in summation , this is a great deal on an excellent delivery system for my drug of choice . ( i give it 4 stars instead of 5 because i have to grind the beans , and it did n't include an intravenous unit )
i started to order replacement filters at $ 47.99 ( too expensive ) - but found the whole machine was on sale for only $ 49.99 - so i got 3 spare machines . i 'll be looking for one with a washable filter before those need replacement.by the way - they do remove dust and pollen and the like - and i 'm happy with their performance .
it is very light and worm . i love it . definitely worth the price !
this was the first item that i purchased on amazon . item was received in excellent condition , and in a very timely manner . very pleased
i bought this as a gift for my husband-after reading a hundred reviews made my choice . this little machine does n't do anything fancy- it grinds beans-we have n't used it for anything else since we bought it to grind beans . it does a great job-it 's easily put together , nothing spills , it 's easily used-not much else to say
i thought i would by this product just to try with my senseo machine and some coffee i brought from europe . it works ! i also use it with my tea pods and got a great cup of tea . i will buy more
i really bought these measuring spoons to match the michael graves measuring cups that i was planning to buy , and i am sure glad that i did . the are the easiest to use measuring spoons that i have ever used . the unique handles seem just right . you can use them equally well with either hand . it seemed with the dipper type spoons that i previously used i was always changing hands , and the spoon was always in th wrong hand . with these you can forget that . you can tell the size of each of them just by looking at them , but i wish that they would have embossed the sizes all a little larger and painted them white . black on black is hard to see , especially when the numbers are so small
love this product , excellent cheese cutter , three choices of thickness . highly recommended
i got this wok for christmas as a gift . it is perfect . you are able to cook just about anything on this at a high heat without worrying that the food will stick to the bottom of the pan . it is easy to clean . so far i have cooked stir fries and potatoes with chorizo.each time the food came out perfect not undercooked or over cooked .
after the handle broke off the carafe that came with our krups aromacontrol ( after about 2 years of use , perhaps several times a week ) , i found this one and ordered it . my belief is that cleaning the original carafe in a dishwasher is what caused the handle to come off , however i am perturbed that i had to go to the trouble of replacing it . one would think the engineers would consider the heat of a dishwasher when choosing the plastic components . i am not entirely sure , but it is possible that the plastic ( abs ? ) became too brittle with oxidation and simply fractured . i searched on the internet and found this to be a very common problem , which is at the same time comforting and annoying.upon receiving this carafe , i was disappointed due to the lightweight feel of it . i prefer a certain heft , and i assumed that the lack of this in the new unit means that it is cheaply made . however , this has proved not to be the case ; moreover , the decreased weight is actually something of a blessing . further , i think they removed some of the threads around the neck of the carafe ( inside ) on this model . the advantage of this is that the coffee pours better ( a tighter stream , not a wide cascading waterfall like the original carafe ) , however , i it seems to make screwing the top on more difficult . in all , it is superior to the original , however i am not washing the carafe in the dishwasher for fear of the handle coming off . i assume that they have fixed this problem in this model , however i can not be sure of this . i also must say that it is a tad over-priced , and that perhaps [ ... ] might be a more reasonable price . the only reason i did not get a new coffee maker is that the aromacontrol works well and makes good coffee ( i use illy )
when my original krups coffee carafe broke , i found a replacement at amazon . the price was competitive , the carafe arrived promptly , and my coffeemaker was complete once again . amazon is always prompt and dependable
i bought this as a upgrade from the glass carafe that came with my aroma control machine . i was tired of burnt coffee due to the burner burning it . this carafe keeps coffee steaming hot for hours . a great upgrade
the top of the line for this type of thermosat . we have owned 5 and they have all worked perfectly . the numbers are easy to read ( without reading glasses ) and the programming is intuitive . easy to install and well made
i was shopping in a gift store today and came across this tovolo tea infuser and it is brillant ! if you do n't use tea bags and are used to the infuser on a chain - this will spoil you . it stirs like a spoon and when you are done it sits in its craddle so that it does n't drip on anything . and the whole thing is dishwasher safe . i paid more than $ 9.95 for mine too
my kids have a restless reaction to foods that contain red dye 40 . my wife and i limit their exposure when we can . an example is a particular fruit snack that did not contain this dye . recently , they changed their ingredients and so we are left with no options on the snack isle . we figured we could entertain their cravings by making homemade fruit leathers . the ability to make jerky was a bonus for me . i ordered another brand that i thought was going to do the job , but once it arrived i found the construction to be subpar and it was passive , requiring rotation of the trays . i immediately sent it back to amazon . thats when i ordered this nesco unit . it is powerful , and effective . i have used it a number of times and made some really good jerky and fruit leathers . i have tried a couple of the seasonings and absolutely love them . order this and you ca n't go wrong
i have never used any other dehydrator 's and found this very simple to use , clean , store , and the price was great . plus it makes my house smell great when i 'm using it . so far i have only dehydrated fruits and vegetables and still have to get used to how long to leave things in the machine and how to prep them however , the instructions really makes it very easy and overall i 'm finding it enjoyable to use .
the grinders perform exactly as described . they are attractive and i would recommend them highly
using a chemex requires water to be heated in a tea kettle prior to brewing , and it requires a finer ground than what auto-drip machines ask for . after the water is brought to a boil , it 's important to wait for it to cool just slightly ( about 30 seconds ) and then you need to wet the grounds in the filter , wait for them to drain , and then fill the pot with water . want more than a single cup of coffee ? you wait for your first pour to brew , and then fill the filter again.some advantages over other forms of coffee brewing:1 . taste : i do n't know how it does it , but the filter does keep your coffee from being bitter . 2 . cleanability : users can keep all necessary components clean ( anyone who 's brewed water and vinegar through their coffee maker to kill off a bitter taste that was n't there when you bought it understands this plight ) . oftentimes , the most aggressive criticism of the chemex is its ponderousness to clean because it 's not possible to get your hand into the reservoir . some people prefer to add hot water and soap and give it a good rinse , which is fine if you clean the moment you empty the pot , but if you 're like me and you let the remaining sip or two sit until a nice coffee stain is on the glass , then you need some good 'ol fashion friction to get it clean . the best thing i 've found : a baby bottle cleaner . it 's narrow enough to get into the reservoir and the angle can be adjusted to scrap the walls , too . brilliant ! 3 . electricity free : as long as you can boil water , you can have coffee.4 . mud/sludge : french press and stove-top espresso-style brewing always leaves a thick slime at the bottom of an otherwise rich cup of coffee . do n't get me wrong : i think that 's good ( i use a french press when i 'm in the mood ) , but the cone on a chemex does n't allow that at all.5 . style/size : the chemex coffee pot is a relic ( designed in the 40s ) and the wood cuff with rawhide tie screams simplicity and elegance and it 's a wonderful , minimalist sight on any kitchen counter ( and unlike electric coffee makers , easy to move if you need the space ) .some drawbacks any purchaser should consider:1 . time : it does take 5 - 10 minutes of labor to get the morning cup of coffee.2 . cones : you ca n't run over to wal-mart when you use the last filter ; you need to find a specialty store or go online , which means you need to plan ahead.3 . cold coffee : no electric hot plate ( thank god ) means coffee not poured and consumed immediately gets cold quickly . you can buy a wire guard and a glass lid so your chemex can be warmed on the stovetop . i think that 's more labor added to an already laborious endeavor . just have a warmed thermos ready and use that to store any unused coffee.4 . learning curve : it does take some time to get the grind right , the amount right and the water level right to find a cup which caters to your tongue.5 . cleanability : i know this is in the advantages column , as well , but it 's worth mentioning that a lot of people hate cleaning these things . to submerge it does mean pulling off the wood cuff ( which is a small pain ) else it will get nasty over time
this set is a great way to get a few basic cookware pieces , however , once you start cooking with this truly outstanding cookware , you 'll want to buy more . over the years , i have spent hundreds of dollars on another well-known commercial cookware brand , but all-clad is far superior . the stainless looks great and is a breeze to care for . the handles stay comfortable and the pots are really well-balanced , making them very easy to handle . they heat evenly and cook uniformly , even over low and medium heat . i am very pleased with all-clad 's performance on my radiant cooktop . i would recommend this line of cookware to anyone interested in quality and performance . well worth every penny
we have had a set of eight of these in sea mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years . they will sit on fiestaware saucers just fine . i have never burned myself with the handle as mentioned below , but tend to hold it with two hands or with the saucer together , not just by the handle . fiestaware is very sturdy and even if the handle were larger might feel heavy in one hand . ( they are made like hotel china , essentially . homer laughlin is a hotel china company , in fact . the first set of dishes i had from them decades ago were some of their hotel line . ) for a bigger cup for cafe au lait style , i can recommend the fiestaware `` jumbo cups . '' we have a set of those in sea mist and use them for coffee , but also for heating soup in the microwave . they are both great . never been disappointed with fiestaware
this pitcher is the perfect size for entertaining . it makes a lovely appearance and is light weight . i had one in crystal and this is much better . additionally it 's a breeze to clean . 5 stars all around . appearance , weight , capacity , ease of cleaning , and price !
i 've owned one for five years and my knives are razor sharp . it took me a little practice before i realized i was using it correctly , though . the directions could be better , and the machine does n't provide any feedback to distinguish proper sharpening . _cooks illustrated_ magazine found that they could get knives sharper with this device than with the higher end models
i just bought my second one . the first alarm hangs in our kitchen and does go off with a nice loud alarm when i seriously scorch dinner . it 's easy to turn off with the huge button in front . no false alarms here , only goes off when there is smoke nearby
i got a good deal on this and it turned out to much better than expected . well made with a sharp edge that holds up . the only reason for a 4 is the handle is not the most comfortable or secure grip .
this food processor is the most powerful and quietest that i have ever used . i am very impressed with the material the bowl and lid are made of . the ones i have been using for the last 15 years have not been comparable in the least
i bought a bed a few months ago and had to go out and buy new bedding at some local stores . i hated having to shop around and wish i would have seen a set like this . because i went from a queen bed to a king size - i had to buy new pillows , mattress pad , comforter , sheets , etc . i looked around and if you add up the pieces in the 10 piece set its a great value - plus much easier to buy all at once . i highly recommend this set for anyone upgrading their mattress.i was not able to buy the king size set - but did buy a twin set for my niece as a back to school gift.cheers ! ste
my 82 year old aunt can now open a wine bottle because the vacu vin requires minimal physical strength -- the only i have found that is so easy to use except for bench models
i bought this as a gift for my mom for christmas . i do n't think she has used it yet but i 'm sure i did n't go wrong with a kitchenaid product . i currently own the hand mixer and large mixer and love them both . prices on amazon ca n't be beat
i love that it has a mini bowl . so much less storage . also it runs so much more quiet than my old hamilton beach . i am so impressed . love kitchen aid anything
if you decorate cakes , you need to have a cake stand . i 'm not a professional but enjoy is as a hobby . it 's quite handy
i bought this for my boyfriend for his `` man 's room '' ... .he loves it ! it keeps beer cold and it looks great
it 's still brand new , so everything 's working great . i really love the color ; i bought it to match my yellow standmixer .
this toaster makes the best toast of any toaster i have ever owned and it looks great ! i tossed my blue plastic cuisinart , which at best made mediocre toast , and had that icky plastic worn out look . this toaster is metal , sturdy and has a great retro look in today 's colors . mine is red . i also bought the matching coffeemaker and the drink mixer - a quick and cheap way to update the kitchen . amazon service has been great and with the $ 25 off i got some great buys
i 've searched all over for a doubler that was less than 32 '' and this works great ! i have short closet bars so most doublers caused my lower bar clothes to drag on the floor . this product lets me pick the length i need . it 's metal materials makes it quite durable too . hooray
after 3 -1/2 years of pulling 4 to 8 shots of expresso per day , and steaming hundreds of gallons of delicious foamy milk , this little steam toy still works like new . better than new , actually , because it has a better operator . good results require a bit of experimentation with the variables of different grinds and quantities of coffee and durations of extraction . i 've come home many times to discover that i 'd left the electric switch on all day , but not to fear , the thing does n't burn up , so far . on other occasions , i 've overloaded the pump by letting the reservoir run dry and then adding water to try to resume extraction through a filter that had become clogged from the interruption of the flow of water . the pump keeps going even with the output blocked down to a trickle . this will happen to you from time to time because you will neglect to refill the reservoir . when it happens , just start over with dry coffee . you will also need to buy a small diameter tamper - mine is 49mm . the expresso liquor always has crema and never tastes sour to me , even when using cheap brands of dark roast like eight o clock and community coffee . everything i 've said about the brilliance of this machine is contingent , howver , on the coffee grinder . without a good grinder , you might as well just make drip coffee . the secret good expresso , in my experience , is 25 % expresso machine and 75 % grinder . a good grinder is the gaggia , which i bought from amazon for $ 175 with a discount , or the rancillio rocky , which i would have gotten in the first place had i understood the importance of an excellent grinder . this machine is small and light enough to take with you to the motel when you 're on a road trip , and cheap enough to leave behind if you forget to put it in your car the next morning . my next expresso machine will be much more expensive , but not because i 'm trying to obtain a higher quality brew . my only reasons for paying more are to get double shots and the solenoid valve , which will eliminate the spills of hot soupy grounds when emptying the porta-filter . also , when you get familiar with the operation of a machine , you 'd like it to last so you do n't have to learn a new set of techniques
this is our first juicer and we are have a great time juicing everything . we use it a lot with our smoothie maker.it is designed well and is very easy to clean . it does drip a bit for a while from the spout but that is n't a problem at all.we got this because we have a 2 year old and a 16 year old . we wanted to make it easy to give them great tasting sweets that are good for them . my 16 year old son loves apple juice and makes it all the time now -- no more soda in our house !
helps with multi-cat households . i had one of my cats die and the following month i adopted a rescue . naturally , all five of my cats had issues . the feliway diffuser helped reduce their anxiety and fear . it is n't a cure-all , but it was/is a help .
it 's fiesta ware what 's not to love ! could n't find this one anywhere else
`` i just received and tested my new miele office vac . even this lowest-end miele is fantastic ! it 's as quiet as the one i have at home , it 's similarly designed , easy to use , and works terrifically well . i am so pleased that i spent the extra money and got a really good vacuum .
miele makes a great vacuum and this is one for sure . but i want to recommend the seller witbecks -- wonderfully personalized and caring service from someone whose last name is actually witbecks . when dhl screwed up their delivery ( an immensely crappy organization , but that 's another story ) , he stepped in and sent another unit without delay . terrific guy , terrific price , terrific service
these tables are great . i bought two of them . solid wood , classic design that will still look good in 10 years , and easy no fuss assembly . all this at a great price . pick one up
i 've had a braun for 7 years which mysteriously developed a leak and was laid to rest . replaced it with a $ 20 mr. coffee 4 cup from walmart , which eventually , let water out the front , the back , the side , etc ... creating a puddle just like the leaky braun . threw that out and went to a 12 cup hamilton beach that i had received as a gift . what a pos ... it had a bulky carafe that was difficult to clean and also , the crap leaked as well , and when i lifted it , water fell out the body creating yet another puddle on the floor . after reading reviews on the net and countless hours of searching for a good price , i was ready to buy the bunn stainless steel . i almost bought the bodum electric santos until i read that for some users , the bottom carafe developed a leak and it needed to be modified so that the water heats to the correct temperature.anyway , while at target , i spent an hour looking at coffee makers , including the bunn - which i really liked b/c it is made in the usa . i decided to buy this one just to test it out . i like the idea of having a removable water tank for cleaning ( which the bunn does not ahve ) and a timer , which also the bunn does not have . the carafe is not bulky , and has a no-drip mouth . also , i have not seen any leaks so far , but water drops onto the warmer when i remove the basket to discard the filter . perhaps i should just remove the filter and not the basket.the problem with most coffee makers is the steam . after it condenses , the excess water has got no place to go other than hang around the basket or into the body . anyway , i also like the cool blue light in the front , and the coffee takes good - or as good as my braun which is what i 've been used . overall , i do n't think it 's bad for 40 bucks . if it develops a leak , i 'll go buy the bunn . if that also sucks , i think i 'll give up coffee for i 've had enough trying to find a good , easy , no drip/leak ( no punn intended ) drip coffee maker .
the step stool , a gift for my daughter , works well as a step stool . the problem was in the difficulty to attach the seat and back to the stool . the frame did not meet and had to be bent to align the screws . there was a hole in the box and the screws fell out , so my daughter had to request the screws before she could put it together
i used this skillet for the first time and it was great . i love cast iron but the enamel coating sure made this easier to use . it cleaned quickly and required no seasoning . also , its a really pretty skillet.the sellers were really good also about emailing with order status updates , shipping info and the skillet came quickly through fed ex . very good customer service
a very nice blender ... it crushes and purees , just about anything.. i 've had it for three years now and it is still in great condition , and still very powerful ... very loud ! you might need ear protection as you use this . i often turn it on , leave the room , do something else , and come back in when i think it is done ! i 'm not kidding ! :
petsafe batteries are the best . of course they are the only ones that work in the dog collar but they are still very good
very quick and good coffee as long as you buy the proprietary pods , which can be found on line usually with free shipping
great pot . i 'm annoyed at having to press the `` unlock '' button everytime , the one that prevents accidental spills . the automated dispensing is too slow for my tastes , i 'm used to an earlier version that you have to press down from the top . in hindsight i should have bought an earlier version to avoid the differencesi 'm also really annoyed at the shipping , bought through amazon , it was shipped in the box that the manufacturer put it in , which was n't up for the rigors of shipping . but honestly i ca n't tell if the gaping crowbar-looking inflicted holes were caused by the shipping or no
this is one of the prettiest shades fiestaware has put out . i would like to see them put out a bright shade of pink as well
simple , straight forward to use . very easy to clean . and durable . ca n't beat it for the price . better than any drip
i was impressed when i received this case for my fiance 's christmas present . as i began cramming the body pillow into it , i was happy to find a zipper at the opening . all of the other body pillows i 've had inevitably fall out of the case thus offering little support during the night when you 're not awake to notice . it 's very thick and seems durable . i recommend it
eeks mice are great ! most catnip mice lose their flavor/smell/attraction for my cats pretty quickly , but my cats still play with an eeks i 've had for over a year . the one drawback is that they do n't look too good after being played with ( teeth marks , drool stains , ripped-off tails , etc ) , but cats do n't care about that
for $ 19.99 , you 'll not find many knife sets . i paid that for one kitchen aid santoku knife ! this set includes a long slicer/utility knife , one large paring knife , and a 5 or 6 '' serrated knife . the knives consist of good steel , comfortable grips , and are well balanced . they are very sharp and sturdy . i could n't find a better set for the price . i was looking for a decent utility/carving knife and a large paring knife when i found this set . i use mine as the `` disposable '' knives . for this price , you wo n't have to worry about beating up on them . and they sharpen up quickly , too . the red color is very festive . the grips feel like silicon , so they work when wet and greasy . and pleasantly squish when you grip hard.if you are in the market for a fine , high level kitchen knife , these may not fit the bill . but if you are looking for good quality , inexpensive knives , you wo n't find better in this price range . i paid $ 19.99 dec-200
my husband suggested this as a birthday gift for me . i thought okay until i opened the package . this shamrock green is so pretty . this dinnerware is great . a nice heavyweight . the glazing is brillant . and the cereal bowls are a good size . not too small as other types tend to be . i am very happy i own this and have bought more since
we already owned the 7-inch santoku knife , purchased locally from a kitchen retailer , and loved it . we were a little hesitant at first since we 've only ever had cheaper knives , but as soon as we felt it in our hands and tried the knife we were sold . still , the 7-inch is a little big for small jobs , so we decided to get this 4-inch paring knife . i coupled a gift certificate with an amazon.com kitchen coupon promotion and was able to get the 4-inch paring knife and the 8-inch bread knife for a very good price . this should pretty much complete our knife set -- from my experience these three knives are versatile enough for almost any job.the 4-inch paring knife , specifically , is great for smaller jobs where the santoku would be awkward . it 's balanced perfectly , stays sharp , and since it 's a single piece it cleans easily and you do n't have to worry about the handle breaking.all in all , great knife , and highly recommended
still allows some dust deposits . live in az and do n't have water softener . need to change more often than recommended
in our family we give a `` mystery '' kitchen item each year . everyone tries to guess what the item is used for . this spreader really had the group stumped , someone finally came up with it on the third day , with some minor hints . since then my 11 year old has been using it to make sandwiches . she says it works great , but you need to spread the peanut butter first . this really is a gift for some one who has everything
just purchased my airwasher/ humidifier and so far am pleased with the ease of maintenance . i felt compelled to write a review and let other consumers know that the required water treatment additive is available from the manufacturer website with no shipping and handling charges , www.venta-airwasher.co
sango stoneware has been great for us for everyday use . good feel with smooth surfaces including the bottom so it does n't scratch . i 've built up a whole collection of sango gold dust after seeing it at bed bath and beyond . pick up items on sale , no need to pay regular price.this set is a great addition to a more complete collection
i bought this to hold some of my `` overflow '' knives that would not fit into my knife block . it has proven to be very handy . it seems well made , im not expecting miracles from a knife tray so that doesnt really say a lot , but it is sturdy and nice looking . it occupies about half of a drawer , which leaves plenty of room for the rest of the non-sharp cooking utincils to sit next to it.i have now switched its intended purpose slightly , insead of just holding the `` overflow '' from my counter top knife block , this now holds my most commonly used knives . the `` real '' knife block now sits farther away in the corner occupying the `` overflow '' from this one
i 've had one of these in constant use for four years now and it fulfills its reason for being admirably . it is totally utilitarian and keeps my valued , wusthof , global and henckels , knives organized , out of sight , protected and instantly accessable without taking up the whole drawer or using up valuable counter space as larger 'made mostly for show ' blocks would . if you 're looking for something simple and in its own way elegant this should serve you well for a long time . if you have more knives than this will hold or if you have lots of counter space to waste get something larger . that 's just my opinion . i could be wrong
look . i suck at using a normal iron . but , after reading some reviews decided to try a press out to decrease my dependence on dry cleaners.the results are pretty good . as i have gotten better using it the results have gotten better . plus , there are some fabrics and materials that iron much easier than others . i just did a couple of long-sleeve dress shirts and the results were good . not perfect , but good.as others have said , i wish it were bigger and wish the top plate opened higher and with the back hinge was farther back to give me more room to work with . but , once you understand the right method of doing it the back hinge is n't really a big deal . more height clearance would be nice , though.it wo n't be too long before it pays for itself . and , now i have no excuses when it comes to wearing clothes that are wrinkled ! plus , i 'm pressing my golf shirts which typically did n't look that good after being washed , but were too expensive to get dry cleaned ... i also just ironed an undershirt just for fun . now that was an easy shirt to iron . :
we had a press made by singer that finally gave up the ghost after more than 10 years . after a several days of ironing clothes with mixed results & a lot of frustration , we researched presses on amazon based on customer reviews . we decided on this press and have not been disappointed . the press is ready to use as soon as it 's out of the box . operation is simple & all but self-explanatory , and it heats up very quickly . it is a little smaller than our previous press , but not so small as to be a drawback . clothes are ready in no time compared to ironing . the press comes with a water spray-bottle if you prefer not to use the steam feature . definitely worth the money spent
the krups xp 2070 has been in use at my household for about a month now , with no problems to speak of . we use the espresso machine with cappucino attachment almost daily , and each time it has been very good . a notice i would give to the espresso enthusiast looking to buy would be the need for a different tamper than the one provided . the provided tamper is plastic , and can be wobbly , but i am very satisfied with the product
i 've had this for over a month and i 've only made grilled chicken with squash and asparagus . if you do n't marinate your meat it will get really dry . easy to clean , most of the time..
this whisk is very nice , and feels very comfortable and sturdy in hand . one thing i had n't foreseen , however , is actually pretty obvious . the silicone does n't slide very well along most surfaces , so trying to whisk along the bottom of a bowl or pan is a little difficult due to the friction . it is exactly as advertised , though , and i am very happy to have it
i was in a second hand store and saw this little vacuum . wasnt really looking for a vacuum but plugged it in to test it and was immediately impressed by the suction . it had some of the best section power i had seen in any vacuum . so i bought it and have been totally amazed by its capabilities . its so light ... about nine pounds and easy to transport and store . its power cord is on a reel that retracts into the vacuum at the touch of a button . the bags are a bit small but its a small vacuum . they are very easy to get at and change . its the best vacuum for hardwood and kitchen floors , along baseboards and on stairways . not so good on deep pile carpets although it will do the job in a pinch . i have three cats and gets lots of hair and dust and its great for a quick vacuuming . this is a great second vacuum to augments a heavy duty upright . my vacuum came with two attachments and the crevice tool . many third-party vacuum attachments would work with it too . i am glad i bought it and would recommend it . its the vacuum i would use most . the biggest drawbacks to using a vacuum is the weight and unwinding the cord to use it and then rewinding it and your done . push a button and the cord automatically rewinds . whats not to like about this vacuum . highly recommended
i found this same item at a target store in stock for only $ 39.99 . they also have it for sale on-line for the same price.it 's a great chair
my son is a star wars nut and just loves this blanket
so far , so good . i have a 3mo shep that so far has a blast with this thing . i saw one reviewer that said it tore apart , and will update as time goes by . so far i love them ... .well , she loves them . easy for her to pick up , when the ball is much larger than her mouth ( holes in ball ) the football shaped one bounces in odd directions , but highly recommend the blue one , as dogs see blue well ( color blind )
the plates are modern and good-looking , always rate compliments from guestts . i would like them more if they were a little bigger
i do n't know about the other reviews that say this knives are n't stainless steel , the labels fall off , or the filet knife breaks , but what it 's for sure in my case is that these knifes work great . i do n't go by fanciness nor brandy items ... i want knives that cut nice and easy , and the miracle blade iii are the best . it 's true , if you love your things just follow what says in the instructions manual . do n't dish wash your knives because in addition that they rust , they start to reduce their original sharpness . even more , any knife will reduce their original sharpness no matter what the manufacturer says . do not wash knives in the dishwasher or hand wash them with hot water.all of my knives preserve their labels and looks like new , and i use them on a daily basis . once again , it 's a matter of following instructions . my filet knife is in perfect condition . common sense : do n't do everything what the infomercial shows . do n't bend the filet knife to verify that the guy on the infomercial 's testimony is right . this knife cuts beautifully without too much bending . finally , i own this set of knives for two years and a half and they still cut as good as the first day i received them by mail . i live in colombia , south america , where this product is not too cheap , so i had to think several times before i decided to make the call . today , after two years and a half i do n't regret of making that call , and i am very happy cooking with my miracle blade iii knife set . furthermore , i do recommend this knife set to anyone ... . just follow instructions , that 's all
i 'm certainly glad to have this pointer . you 'd never know it is inexpensive , since it looks quite sleek ( like a fountain pen , though heavier , for sure ) and casts a sharp beam quite a distance . pleasantly sensitive to the touch , it needs no fussing . you 'd have to have pretty specialized needs to want a more expensive model
my six month old son would not eat anything off a spoon or out of a bottle . finally i tried mixing baby cereal and putting it in this . then i mixed cereal and babyfood and/or mashed food . he loves it ! no gagging either ! i 'm here now buying the replacement bags
i could not resist trying this method of making espresso . you know you can spend alot trying to get a decent product and i have not been disappointed with the practically inexpensive bialetti . the first attempt was successful and that told me this was for me ... .the bonus milk frother made more froth that an old steamer frother i used to have . there are a few tricks with the frother ( 1 % milk by itself not so good but add some half and half to the milk and voile ' ) . the milk mixture needs to be heated enough to coat the back of a spoon , pump it quickly and serve . regarding the espresso maker itself ... .just do n't add any more water than to that line..and oh do n't open the lid to look at it until it is done or you will get sputter onto your stove top . to know when the espresso is done just listen you will know when it is done ... .very quick and yummm
my boxers just love the little balls . they like digging them out of the container even though it did not take very long after they got the hang of it . they carry the balls and container all over the house and yard . it has held up very well . we have had this over a year now , and i only had to stich up maybe 2 of the balls once each . squeekers still work great - have n't needed to replace yet . very happy with this toy
this is absolutely , hands down , the best toy we 've gotten for our dogs . we own three sets of these in varying sizes . because the balls are plush , they will wear out- this is not for your destructive chewers . our dog plays with the colored balls at least 3 hours a day . before leaving for work , pop a couple of treats inside and you 're out the door with less anxiety while they nose out the snacks .
easy to use and store . very stable and strong .
this is one of my most used knives in the kitchen . it 's the best from cutting garlic to slicing up melons . you 'll find that the deep blade is a real joy to control , and that you can make short work of major chopping and slicing jobs easily . the blade keeps its edge for a long time , but eventually you will have to sharpen it . i invested in a good coarse stone , a good 1000 grit water stone , and the $ 5 clamps you slip over your blade to keep the sharpening angle constant . good stones are expensive though . i think it 's worth it for such a fine knife
the good ( function ) :1 ) rubber non-slip base and good weighting2 ) clear plastic , allows full view of soap level3 ) long spout allows easy access to sink . no counter spills ! 4 ) smooth pumping action - no clogs5 ) pump goes all the way to the bottom - `` sucks '' it all out ! 6 ) wide opening makes it easy to transfer soap from a large bottle.the bad ( aesthetics ) :1 ) not beautiful ( not horribly ugly either ) 2 ) no choice of color . would have preferred white to match kitchen appliances.verdict : function wins out over aesthetics . highly recommended
this sharpner worked so well that i bought a second one to have when i wear this one out
this was one of the best buys for the kitchen . i hate brown lettuce , and this makes sure it does n't turn brown . you ca n't beat the price , either ! i recommend this to everyone !
you ca n't go wrong with this knife . i use it almost as much as i use my 8 inch chef 's knife . it holds an edge well , feels light in your hand , and has perfect ballance .
this knife has made me eat more vegetables , just because it 's so much fun to chop carrots . i was a little concerned with the handle at first , but it 's very comfortable , and is n't slick at all , even in soapy water . i also worried that maybe i should have gotten the bigger version of this knife . again , my fears were unfounded , as this was the perfect size for vegetable preparation . you ca n't really describe the feeling of using the best tool for the job ... but if you 've ever had that feeling , you already know how you 'll feel using a global . when i slice carrots for snacks , they come out as perfect , translucent discs . any vegetable i 've cut has been a joy
i loved my 8 inch global chef knife so much i ordered this veggie knife . oh wow , this thing is perfectly balanced and because of it 's smaller size it is just about perfect for most veggies . it also fits in your hand extremely well . if you are going to cut up a potato , it is hard to beat the chef 's knife . however , for cutting up a tomato , carrot , etc . this thing is the best tool i have ever used . just wonderful
not the best wine opener you can buy , but a great deal for the occassional wine drinker . much easier to operate than the traditional corkscrew and a bargain at the $ 9.99 i paid
loved this rug . i have purchased 5 , nicer than the one at crate & barrel and at such an affordable price
the pots and pans were delivered very quickly to my residence . the items were well packaged . since we just moved into our apartment , we began using them . the pots and pans had sturdy construction and was relatively easy to clean . the only drawback would be the lid handles . those became very hot to the touch , and you would need a hand towel or an oven mitt to handle it . ( on a side note , the lid handles are clear glass , so that is definitely a plus ! ) overall , i am quite satisfied with the purchase . they were under $ 100.00 for the set , so we are happy with it.although i did not hear of the pinzon brand before , i was surprised with the quality . i even purchased a oven roaster w/rack from pinzon as well
as i tend to `` nurse '' a cup of tea at the office for a while , i decided to purchase this product this after looking around for a good desktop electric mug warmer to use with a standard ceramic mug . such a product just does n't seem to exist ; check the amazon customer ratings . i had one a number of years ago , and it was lousy ( had hoped that someone had built a better mousetrap , but no one has ! ) i purchased this mug just about a month ago . it 's so good , i had to share the secret , and even if an improved electric warmer did exist , i do n't think i 'd bother with its cord and risks given how good this is . i 'm sorry to see , though , that it 's no longer available through amazon ( perhaps elsewhere on the web ? ) . i can make a mug of tea ( a generous 20 oz ) around 10a.m. , and even by mid to late afternoon , 4 or 5p.m. , it 's still warm enough to enjoy . and that 's after leaving the top off for the first half hour or so to let it cool enough to drink ! indeed , if there 's a `` fault '' with it , it 's almost too efficient if you use boiling water for the tea and want to take a sip right after you 've finished brewing ! though called a `` travel '' mug , it wo n't fit into any auto cupholder i 've seen . it 's really perfect for a desk . it 's relatively low ( taller than a typical ceramic mug , though ) , the base is nice and wide , and there 's a ring of rubber/silicone type material ( which has not scuffed anything on my desk ) around the edge of the bottom that really is non-slip ; between these features it seems quite stable . the removable black plastic top ( friction secured with the typical silicone type o ring around the edge ) allows you to move the opening anywhere you want , to use left or right handed . there 's a simple slide to open/close the drinking aperature . the interior is also stainless steel , so no plastic taste . even with boiling water inside , the outside remains virtually at room temperature ( as you 'd expect , given its thermal efficiency ) .my only complaint ( minor ) is that it is not dishwasher safe ( and i have n't tested it ! ) , but it 's easy to hand wash. with the wide mouth , you can readily get your hand into it to clean the bottom.i have several inexpensive auto `` insulated '' mugs ( key word here , i think , is `` inexpensive '' ) , that are truly underwhelming , so initially i did n't have high expectations for this , but it really is fantastic . if you want a hot beverage to keep for several hours on your desk , this is for you ! no regrets
i 've changed out shower heads all by my little lonesome uncountable times over the years . i can not get this attached without it leaking at the connection to the pipe and what appears to be a leak where the housing screws on on the unit itself . that said , i still have reasonable water pressure and here 's the amazing thing , my relatively coarse hair is no longer coarse without putting any number of silicone products on it . who knew that for all my life , it was the water , not my hair . my skin is not as dried out ... if i could work out the little glitches , it would be perfect . i own the counter top unit in the kitchen and it 's fab for the price !
the dishes not only look good but are a good size , the complete set is really nice . not too dark so that other colours can also be used at the same time
my husband travels to uk frequently and it 's hard to find a good cup of coffee there . we 've looked everywhere for a portable coffee press that would work in a hotel room in conjunction with a hot water pot . this fills the need completely .
this mug is microwave and dishwasher safe . a great mug for a large cup of cocoa or coffee . makes a great christmas gift for a cat lover
i 've owned a littermaid mega for about 5 years and i really wish i had been able to buy this stand sooner . we have two cats and we 're terribly lazy . we 've had this stand for a few months and it works as described . it has drastically reduced the smell and the need to clean the box . we love this stand and it has made life a lot more bearable when it comes to the litter box.our old littermaid just died on us and we went to replace it with a new littermaid elite but the stand is n't large enough . the newer elite model is much longer than this stand and it will hang off the back and over the sides . we love that stand more than we want the newer littermaid elite and we are getting a great deal on the old style of the littermaid mega from amazon . i would just be aware , before buying this , that it only fits the old style of littermaids . that being said , if you 're handy with power tools and woodwork than you might be able to modify it ... it is a simple design .
i have not tried to program the timer yet , but as a heater , this is one of the nicest i have had . compact , yet it puts out a nice even heat . it is save in that the unit itself does n't get red hot . the ad says factory reconditioned yet it came in a new box and looks like new . a super deal for auxiliary heating . i use it to warm the livingroom to keep oil consumption down , which it seems to have done so far , without too big an increase in the electric bill
i was looking for a tiered cake stand to display cupcakes for a wedding shower , and could n't find one that was priced right and had flat tiers ( there are many towers specific for cupcakes only ) . i finally found this one and it worked out beautifully . a guest from the wedding has asked where to get it for herself . i highly recommend it
these are a purchase to go with wamsutta sheets . my daughter likes extra pillows.these wash very well and are nice and heavy duty . pillow cases are usually expensive . for $ 2.99 at the closeout price , i got a bargain !
i just tried this out for the first time , and i was impressed . it baked evenly and nicely . best of all , the cake came right out . i simply sprayed it lightly with non-stick spray , and baked . due the flexibility of this product , you do need to put it on a baking sheet for stability . i will be buying more from this line
love it ! rechargeable , seems to last better than battery operated ones . the design has improved too . i have had two of them . i love how you can dismantle this one so it wo n't break if packed away.makes good froth too .
this could well be the perfect dog toy , especially if your dog is a queensland heeler with a knack for destroying plastic frisbees , tennis balls , etc . in seconds flat . i 've had one for a couple of weeks now and , aside from some dirt spots , it looks new . it is an unheard of feat for a toy to make it this long when exposed to the not-so-tender mercies of my dog 's attention . this disc is not only very durable , it actually flies really well . as something of a flying-disc connoisseur , i ca n't help but be impressed by how easy this is to throw and how far it carries . plus , it floats . perfect !
this is an incredibly beautiful knife , with an excellent weight . well-balanced . the damascus steel is just so nice . my husband had been drooling over this knife and we received it as a wedding present from a very generous relative . this is our third expensive kitchen knife and i would say that in terms of general use -- meat to vegetables -- this is my second favorite , with my large , 8 '' henckel being my best knife . the shun is much nicer than the wusthof prix ii , which sports the comparable santoku shape . my complaint has much to do with the design and that is that the blade is set at an angle , making this a much better knife for filleting motions , of which i do few . it 's marketed toward general chopping and slicing , but i find that slant makes my cuts less precise . it 's still my husband 's favorite , but since i 'm the one who does the majority of the cooking , i 'd still rate it four out of five in comparison to similarly excellent brands . but it 's a real marvel to behold and i love the high quality of the wooden base and that lovely steel
here i have a refurbished palinato x3 ; textured , very hardy stainless ; and a good bargain with no cosmetic flaws , -170 to start ( 6 mo warranty ) . but let me correct one point made in these reviews , the drip grill below is made of chromed plastic , a rather new trend that works quite well , the steam nob as well seems to be this material . all around this is quite an improvement on the x1 : more boiler pressure plus a more heat efficient design makes the whole machine heat in less than half the time as the x1 . cups warm quicker also . it also seems to handle ground coffee a little better . still it 's important to use a grind as fine as can be without becoming powder , and the milk should properly be low or no fat for steaming , fat content just makes more fat , not true foamed milk .
excellent item , very powerful and stylish . would recommend this mixer to anyone that likes to bake and has trouble with power from hand held mixers
i am really enjoying my sunbeam mixer . it mixes good altho i 'm not to crazy about the button to raise the mixer it is a little hard to push . i would buy another one if i had to .
these treats have been great for our large-breed , older dog who has developed arthritis in his hips . they 're also one of the few glucosamine treats that do n't make him sick
perfect for anybody who appreciates no-frills , straight lined , attractive furniture . it 's modern and sturdy and a great match for my kitchen dinette set . i love it ! and the price is right , too
this product looks great on my counter and is effective at prolonging the life of my garlic . amazingly , it arrived with no breaks or chips despite the fact that it was poorly packed by the manufacturer ( just a thin cardboard box with no padding ) . the only real gripe i have is that the lid does not sit flush on the top of the keeper . the hole at the top of the keeper is not perfectly round so the lid sits tilted to one side . this does not take away from the effectiveness of the product since garlic requires air circulation , but it detracts from its aesthetic qualities - one of the reasons why i picked this particular product in the first place . if it were not for the flawed lid , i would have given this product a five-star rating .
perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who do n't like their food all running together on your plate . good for snacks like pudding and jello . also good for anyone who wants salad dressing on the side ~ nice and shallow for spooning out the dressing . plus it wo n't take up alot of space on your table . this is a very nice color
we are using this piece in our wedding as part of the unity candle ceremony . we are using our own candles from another vendor . part of our wedding theme is silver intertwined hearts , which is why we picked this piece . we like that it is contemporary and very different from the usual unity candle holder
i have had this unit for 8 months and have n't had any problems . it has ground my coffee fine enough and not cracked . i have not experienced a problem with it being too fat to hold with one hand , and i have very small hands . some of the coffee does stick to the inside but is easily removed with a spoon or napkin
this is a very useful shot glass as you can see . use it for measuring cocktails or for drinking a shot of your favorite liquor . it is a very sturdy glass . i highly recommend
it is n't exaclty what i expected . but it works . it looks nice . and holds a lot of coats and does n't tip over . it serves its purpose . are there better quality coat racks ? yes . but for this price , its worth it
i was looking for an `` offset serrated knife '' as mentioned by bourdain , and this fits the bill . outstanding veggie slicer and all-around food prep instrument . even over-ripe tomatoes , the kind with a still tough skin and insides soft as pudding , are no match for it . besides the small and handy size , the handle design means that the blade meets the cutting board before your knuckles . when it finally begins to dull , several swipes on a good steel will bring the edge back to rights
i purchased these sheets together with the pike street 800 thread count sheet set as they were being offered as a combo special , made on the page if you wanted to order the 800 thread count sheets , which i did , and i can not tell you how thrilled i am with both sets of sheets . if you can still get them both together ( amazing price ) you should , you will not be disappointed at all . they are both very well made & wonderful to sleep on . i have an 18 '' thick mattress and they fit perfectly . my husband and i love good quality sheets & and we both highly recommend these . the few wrinkles that you may find after they come out of the dryer should in no way affect your decision to buy these wonderful sheets and miss out on this sheer elegance . i mean after all , you deserve it , you are worth it , so go for it . for my husband and i , an incredible nights sleep in total comfort ... ..priceless
the wonder washer appears cheaply made , but works fairly well if you follow the instructions and not overload the machine . it augments my regular washer nicely , washing small loads and delicate items well . on the debit side , the washer 's design precludes having a bottom drain plug on the wash basket ; a drain plug would have been useful for more effective rinsing of the washed items . the manufacturer also should have included a hose that attaches to a faucet so the wash basket can fill up quickly
we tried littermaid and still use it in our motor home , but we absolutly love the cat genie for our 2 spoiled and large cats . we would not only buy it again , we 're getting one for my sister for her birthday , and recomending it to everyone we know with cats . we 've been using it for the past 5 months and it has clogged twice . [ an easy clean-up and fix ] much less hassle than the litter maid and no smell or dealing with overflowing cartridges . [ or my dh 's attempts to 'modify ' the littermaid so it will hold more , or use bags or boxes , etc ... which never work and make a smelly mess ! ! ] every now and then the 'soap box ' will jiggle loose and might need a tap to re-seat it , but you get a beep to warn you.now if they would only make a smaller cat genie for the rv
the electrolux sweeper that uses these bags is very expensive and so are the bags . if i had known that i could only purchase these online i may have chosen another vacuum system . but , on the bright side , the sweeper works very well and the bags are not too challenging to put on and remove
this is the most amazing knife i have ever owned ! i ve purchased henckles twinstars , sabatier ; which is pure junk ! out of all the knives ive owned none have sliced with the mastery of these knives . i enjoy the pleasure of slicing and dicing with such serene knives . i have since decided to sell my other non global knives and replace them with all global this is quite a bold move as i consider myself thrifty with a nickle but the quality of this knife has beckon me fourth to a place where i must in fact splurge for the quality that i now know i do not want to live without . i simply can not quantify how significant the difference in quality between these knives and henckles twinstar i really wasnt expecting to open a pandora 's box of spending . it actually happened quite accidently in my wife whom loves tomatos could not find a knife to cut them properly with and well the other person who reviewed this knife stated as bold fact it got the job done like no other . i must admit this knife is truly as silly as it might sound the `` excaliber of knives .
it 's small enough to fit in my little kitchen . it works as advertised . the waffles were fast to make . clean up is easy . hardly any needed . i made mine very light ( folded in whipped egg whites after the batter was all mixed up . ) i can imagine making these heart shaped waffles for dessert
i had to replace a heart waffle maker as my grand kids love nana 's heart waffles and i had taken it to the beach and left it there . they know nana 's heart waffles are the best as they come from her heart . i love this one even more than the last . it has great controls that make the perfect waffle . clean up is a breeze and it is cute !
this unit is slightly difficult to wash since it has the cord attached , but other than that it is easy to use . there are not many settings or buttons to complicate matters
over the years i 've tried a good dozen humidifiers . worries about bacteria , difficulty in filling up , and difficulty in operation led me to trash them all.i now have two u7142 himidifiers . the control system is extraordinary ; you can set desired humidity , fan speed , and time to run . there is preheater ( to 40c ) that helps kill the bad stuff and use of silver ( do n't understand it but assume it works . ) to kill more bad stuff.liked the first so much i bought a second
i bought this stone to detail the edge of the new set of calphalon forged kitchen knives that i recently purchased . i have used oriental water stones in the past , and this stone is as good as any i have used . with just a few strokes , it will turn a calphalon , henckles , or wusthof into a gillette . with this stone and a good steel , your knives will last far beyond your years
i was glad to see the unit arrived without damage- ( despite poor packaging supplied by the manufacturer ) . the unit works great !
my roommate and i use this toaster daily and i 've never had problems with it . the material is light but very sturdy . i actually dropped it down my stairs when i moved and it still looks and works great . i love all the features which are easy to use if you take about 30 seconds to read the instructions . delonghi must have replaced the handles because the one on mine is metal . i plan on buying another just like this after mine dies but i suspect that wo n't happen for quite a while .
this is the best way to clean a grill . i use one each time that i clean the grill . this is a must buy . it is a great idea
we received the zephyr as a wedding gift . ours is a little newer design than what is shown in the photo . the handle on ours is brass instead of chrome . it heats fast and holds plenty of water for several cups of tea or cup-o-noodle . much nicer than some of the higher priced tea kettles out there . my wife and i are very pleased with this tea kettle
my husband and i have really enjoyed this product . they are very soft and a good sized towel
we have had this unit for 6 months and we really enjoyed it . it makes a great cup of coffee , it is easy to use and we do not understand why some other reviews complain.then - without any warning it stopped working . i called hamilton beach and they are sending a free replacement , no questions asked . the unit has a `` hassle free '' 3 year warranty and it really was a snap.we are glad we bought this unit and are happy with how hamilton beach stands behind their products
the filter model i have , 18150 , requires two of these with no foam spacers . two of these were less expesnive than the single larger filter i purchased once previously . however , i 'd say that two small ones are about a quarter inch too tall , maybe slightly less . the cover still goes on , but not as far down as it should.as for filtering , i estimate that it filters the same as the previous . the `` permanence '' of this filter makes me wonder why i 've been replacing the previous style , since i can see no difference in the filter material
i was alittle skeptical buying these . but they seem to be working great
in anthoney bourdain 's book `` kitchen confidential '' he talks about how in a real kitchen the chefs do n't use henkle or wustoff knives , they use global . cat cora of `` american iron chef '' also uses global knives . i needed a good knife in my kitchen so i decided to check out global as well.first of all , it 's incredibly light . if i 'm chopping a lot of onions for a french onion soup or making a big batch of mirepoix for some beef stock i notice that lightness . then there 's the balance . see that notch where the blade meets the handle ? pick the knife up by that notch and it balanced exactly level . try that with a standard knife and you 'll see how handle heavy they are.finaly , the edge . these knives are insanely sharp . they cut like a dream . i just went to a knife sharpening clinic by wustoff and they suggest honeing your knife with 5 or 6 stroks on a steel before every meal that you cook . i 've found that this keeps the edge razor sharp . however , you should realize that the edge on these knives is at 15 degrees , not 20 degrees . so adjust the angle you use to hone the edge.overall , it 's an amazing knife . take care of it and it will serve you as a professional quality tool for a long time
still find it somewhat big for a dorm room ( but if you have a double and are sharing the fridge this much room is probably necessary ) but works great
i received my butter dish in a very timely fashion & very well packaged too . the product is wonderful & it 's being used on a daily basis . i am extremely happy with the product & the shipper
i just started collecting fiesta ware and this yellow covered butter dish is the perfect color for a butter dish ! looks great on my table ( along with my red salt and papper shakers
i bought the fiestaware cobalt butter dish while living in arizona . the butter sold there is packaged in shorter , wider , and higher sized sticks . so , it did n't fit into the butter dish unless i trimmed it ! ! could n't figure it out , why would they make a butter dish that a stick of butter wo n't fit into ? ? ! ! so ... .have just moved to the houston area , and guess what , the butter here is sized just right for the dish . maybe they need to make two different sizes for west and east coast butter ? ? crazy ! nice butter dish , though
this was a gift to my wife for valentine 's day . a good friend of hers had one and after she tried it , that 's all she wrote ! we have been extremely pleased with this unit and would recommend it to anyone considering purchasing one .
my two tanks of cichlids , loaches and catfish love this food . gives them high energy so they 're active and interesting throughout the day . also the tank appears cleaner or clearer even with multiple feedings with this product as indicated versus the regular tetramin that does cloed up the water
it works well , and it 's good for the price . not too stable and sturdy , but it gets the job done just fine
i bought this sweeper to sweep my basement carpet , which is dark in color and shows every bit of fuzz . it does a reasonable job cleaning , transforming my carpet from `` does she ever vacuum ? '' to `` oh , she must have vacuumed yesterday '' . it does n't get all the fuzz and crumbs , but it does what i 'd expect from a sweeper . it is also much lighter than my vacuum , so i 'm much more likely to use it.my three-year-old daughter enjoys using it too . she insists on sweeping her own room ( i wo n't complain ) . the main thing i 've learned is that , because the handle slides together , it will not consistently support the weight of the sweeper head . this means that if you pick it up or suspend it by the top of the handle , the sweeper will probably fall off , so pick it up near the sweeper . ( it stays together fine when actually sweeping .
this is a mid-size whisk , not a full-size one . if you understand that you 'll be happy with it . it is a simple item , does what it is supposed to , and looks great doing it
my cats love this ! they will play with it by themselves or with each other . it is a little wobbly for my big fat male cat , but he still loves to play on it .
these are called `` fruit bowl '' but they are the perfect size for a couple of scoops of ice cream
i ordered two of these great fiesta handled carafes in black . i plan to use them for serving pieces as well as for accent pieces . black is hard to come by at the local retail outlets in my area so i had to order mine without the benefit of scrutinizing the quality of finish before purchase . i have noticed at the retail places that blemishes often show up on the pieces . i was not happy when i received my carafes and both of them had glaze skips ( where the white under the glaze shows through ) as well as scratches in the glaze ( which i have never seen before and ca n't imagine what happened to put them there ) . in my opinion these pieces should have been culled at the factory and sold as seconds . i love the pieces , i 'm just dissappointed with the quality of the finish . i also received a black covered butter which was blemish free
i absolutely love the new scarlet color by fiestaware . mine did arrive in one piece which is a miracle as the box looked like it had been used for soccer practice -- sometimes i think those fragile stickers result in box abuse ! i was surprised at how small it was , but it did say 6 '' and 6 '' it is . you wo n't bake a pie in it ( unless you make individual ones ) but it will be great for dips and sauces
i love the large size of these tumblers , as i can get a whole can of pop with ice in them . the thermal feature works good , the ice lasts longer , and they do n't sweat , so i do n't need coasters under them . they are colorful , so each guest can have their own color , no mix ups . they fit on the top rack of my dishwasher , and they do n't seem to be marked or scratched yet . after seeing mine , my daughter-in-law got some , as did two sets of my friends . i am so glad to have found them !
these are great ! the keep my drinks cold for a very long time and are top-rack dishwasher safe ! !
this is a very good product . it is exactly as it is pictured and described ; clear , insulated , unbreakable , and does not leave a ring on your table . the company is very quick shipping , along with great follow up and follow through . a fine product , and i will be ordering more
the delonghi heater is light weight , has multiple settings , safety knock-over switch , thermostat and a remote . i have moved it room to room and it has worked wonderfully . the price was reasonable . i would buy it again . this is a good brand
the fact that you do n't have to rotate the trays like some other dehydrators is great ! we have made a lot of beef jerky since buying the snackmaster express . it is a great product , works great
these mikasa spoons go perfectly with your demitasse or espresso cups . very delicate with nice finish . we enjoy them every time we use them
just tried it out with some basic jasmine rice from the local supermarket . it is rice we have prepared numerous times in another ( cheaper ) brand rice cooker and also have prepared on the stovetop . the rice that came out of the zojirushi was absolutely perfect ! as good as any i have had in any local restaurant or on my frequent trips to china . i was astounded . none of the crispy brown stuff we had in the other cooker , just perfect plump , fragrant rice . the countertop stayed clean as well , did n't bubble over with starch water like the other cooker . clean up of the cooker was easy . top notch , excellent product . you ca n't make better rice than what this thing produces
these colorful and furry little mice are great for cats that enjoy chasing small toys . they are treated with catnip , but to be honest , i do n't think my cat knows the difference . unlike their zanies furry mice counterparts , zanies rainbow mice also rattle , since they have tiny pebbles inside them . a word of caution about this though : the pebbles are encased inside a semi-rigid plastic cartridge ( which makes up the body of the mouse ) . the furry fabric is simply wrapped around this plastic piece and glued . after my cat played with one of the mice , the fabric unglued itself and the plastic was exposed . since there are pebbles inside , unsupervised play might not be very safe . it 's best to regularly check the condition of the mice after the cats play with them . other than that , these are great toys and the price/quantity/quality ratio is pretty good . quantity is important here , because , due to their small size , most mice will most likely end up lost behind some piece of furniture . since you get 60 mice in this package , you can just keep replacing the ones that go missing in action . in the long run , it 's a lot cheaper than buying them individually
excellant co. to deal with . we had a few questions and they were answered immediately and there was a mailing problem and this co. did everything correct and fast . we highly reccommend this co
this is a great gift because there fun , cute , and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.to me there like a special friend that you can cuddle.so for kids and adults this is a must have
this is a high quality pan , with a nice heavy weight to it - not at all flimsy . i wanted to get one like my mom 's , and this turned out to be less expensive , but a much better quality and heavier weight . i bought 2 of these , along with 2 of the smaller cookie sheets as part of amazon 's 4 for 3 promotion , and it only came to about $ 30 ! that is an incredible deal for stainless steel pans of this quality . i would absolutely recommend these
sturdy well made spatula . perfect for use in 12in to 16in woks . for the price you just ca n't go wrong
gave this salt crock as a gift and it met all of my expectations . it was a nice size for the kitchen unlike some of the larger ones . overall i am satified with this purchase
i consider myself a space heater pro . i have tried so many heaters and only this one , this year , has been worthy of a review . buy this heater . i love it so much that i bought two more when i loaned my original to my sister : ) it is great . the tower has two heat options that are fantastic . it heats the whole room if you need it to.a must have for chilly nights
i think i 'm a little crazy for buying this . i just had to find out if the copper-core was really better than an aluminum one . it is , but not by that much . you can buy a pan from cuisinart 's multiclad series that will do the same thing almost as well for a much cheaper price.that being said , this thing is very well designed . the rolled-lip is useful for pouring . the radius of curvature where the bottom meets the sides is large enough to allow for utensils to easily get in there ( a problem with most pans ) . the handle stays cool and is well designed . overall , this is the best 2-quart saute pan money can buy . is it worth it ? that 's up to you
i got these to dress up our daily fiestaware as salad plates , and they go beautifully with the persimmon especially , but also brighten up the sunflower or periwinkle ... stack up really nicely and compactly unlikethe fistaware : - ) enjoy !
i love this filter ! it keeps the water pristine and more importantly it is easy to assemble and clean thanks to the included double tap valves and media basket . silence was a key buying point for me as it was purchased for an aquarium in my bedroom . this filter is absolutely silent . so silent that i can now hear the hum of my fluorescent aquarium lights
at first i was n't so sure if it would work . then it really worked ! ! it was amazing . now , every day i can a chocolate covered item whenever i want !
if you have pets and are constantly dragging out your heavy vacuum cleaner , then you will love this one . i bought this vacuum as a supplement to my large ( and heavy ) canister vacuum and have been pleasantly surprised by its ability to pick up pet hair . because of the small bagless chamber , you have to empty it frequently , so i would n't count on this vacuum as my only vacuum cleaner . i wanted a lightweight vacuum to use on my hardwood floors and area rugs , specifically to pick up pet hair , and this vacuum exceeded my expectations . i tried the shark , a similar model made by fantom , and another cordless vacuum and not one of them worked anywhere near as well as this one does ( stay away from the fantom cordless - by far the worst ! ! ) . i do n't think any cordless vacuum will have enough power to pick up pet hair like this one did . overall , this vacuum is a great little vacuum for quick clean-ups or to maintain pet-hair free area rugs . one suggestion - use the carpet setting even on bare floors . the brushes are high enough so they wo n't scratch bare floors , but the cleaning capability is much less without the rolling brush . i found that it just rolled over the dog hair without picking it up unless i used the carpet setting.the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because of the small holding chamber which requires frequent emptying .
i 'm very happy with this mixer . it arrived in pristine condition , even though the box it was shipped in looked very tired and worn . the machine does what i ask of it with no glitches or complaints . i bought it mainly for bread making , and after a certain amount of practice , i 'm turning out great products . i also have discovered that scoop shaped measuring cups work wonderfully for adding flour and other ingredients , so i think i will pass on the idea of purchasing a splatter guard . my only gripe is not with the machine , but probably with amazon because i did not get the model that was pictured . i got the hd . i have researched as much as i can , and the machine i received is probably identical to the one i thought i was getting , but i just do n't understand what is so difficult about matching the picture with the product that one is buying . seems kind of elementary to me
my husband and i took over a house with 2 kitchens , and i wanted to decorate the smaller one in cream an black . i fell in love with these , but never received them ... they were sent to the wrong address and after the 2nd time , amazon would n't send them again and i gave up.i went ahead and gave them 5 stars 'cause i was at a freinds house and she had these dishes . they were really heavy and the print was consistent . i 'm so jealous
it is a very pretty maker , and coffee is made under perfect conditions . the price is good through amazon , just make sure you use suggested filters , the other do not work ... ( learned from experience ) .if premium coffee is your `` thing '' and pretty is a bonus , this maker is the answer
i bought this for my grandmother who cooks for two . it is small and compact enough to put in your cabinets and does n't take a lot of counter space while you are using it . its the perfect size to make pancakes , eggs and bacon ! we used it to make grilled cheese , and they came out perfect ! this would be great for singles , college students , and anyone who likes great things in small packages
for many years i had a presto pressure cooker , but when the sealing ring did n't work a few years back i tossed it out thinking i could never get a replacement ring . i missed having that pot . i 'm glad to have one once again . stew and pot roast are the best reasons to have one , but tonight will be spare ribs . the new pot is nothing like my 30 year old one . it works the same in the end , though . i would have opted for the aluminum as that was what i had , but my husband bought the stainless steel . i do n't think it makes a difference for the price , except in appearance
when i first saw this dehumidifier i could n't stop laughing . this little bitty thing was supposed to tackle my moisture overload in a large storage shed ? i figured that something was better than nothing until i could buy a better ( bigger ) dehumidifier . i hooked the little one up and come back the next day to check out the progress and much to my surprise the little-bitty sucked up an inch of water ... in one night ! ! ! now i am so confident that this will do the job i will recommend this for anyone with a similar problem . the free shipping was a great plus as well ! !
my boss wanted extra seating in my office for visitors . we ordered online but were a little worried . this loveseat was delivered very quickly , assembled in minutes and is so comfortable that my boss has decided to keep it in his office ! now i have to wait for another one - good thing it only takes a few days
i have three cats and bought this to keep one of them away from my door . it works very well on two of them but the one i wanted to deter is a siamese . if you read the fine print it does state it might not work on some exotics . it also wo n't work if your cat has hearing problems . for all others it is great
living on a ranch , i get a lot of junk tracked into the house . this handy broom vac lets you do a quick clean up and be done . it has been a life-saver and works great on my hardwood floors
we have an aussie/healer mix ( we think ... she was a foundling ) with a thick , soft coat . i 've had her professionally groomed once a year for about 7 years at $ 60 to $ 75 a pop so last summer i decided to try it myself with this clipper kit . to make a long story short , she did n't turn out so bad ! ( well , the neighbors did n't laugh , anyway ! ) it took me a while to get the hang of it -- i finally chucked the various combs and went with the bare clippers -- but she did n't complain and i had a `` cool '' dog for much less $ $ $ than a pro cut . the best part was i could keep her trimmed all summer as her heavy coat grew back . no report as yet how long the blades last , but i 'm already money ahead even if i must replace them next year
i absolutely love this decanter . i have had two others -- one very expensive , one inexpensive , both without handles . while very elegant , they were a nightmare to clean and pour . they both broke ... well , good riddance ! this is the best decanter , large surface area , angled mouth , and indespensable handle . i have received compliments every time i use it while entertaining . i am ordering several more for gifts . i am positive they will please all who receive them.perfect
i have been using a chemex 10-cup coffee maker for several weeks and have never had such good coffee before in my life . i am constantly looking forward to my next pot of coffee ! there is a downside to this coffee maker : it is a more manual procedure than what you are used to , and it also takes a couple of pots to learn how to use this most efficiently . the first time i tried to use mine , i had ground my coffee way too finely and it just took forever ! the big time consumers : you have to boil your water separately ( you do have a water kettle right ? ) and then you have to gradually pour the boiled water through the chemex . this means that while the coffee is brewing , you are pouring , or watching , or giving the filter area a bit of a stir.now the up side : you will never ever ever drink a better cup of coffee . i use filtered water , freshly ground home roasted beans , and this chemex to produce the finest coffee i have ever had the pleasure of drinking . and this coffee is a pleasure ! in fact , i 've totally given up using cream and sugar because my coffee no longer has anything to hide . another up side : clean up means swishing the chemex with warm water and tossing the water down the drain . you can also wash with a bottle brush but this is rarely necessary . a brief swish is really all it takes to get your chemex looking factory new . try that with your electric drip machine ! ha ! that thing will never look brand new ! oh , here 's a final upside : this chemex brews the best coffee you 'll ever drink , and it costs less than just about anything . you are probably already spending more money than this every month at starbucks ! go ahead and buy yourself one of these . if necessary , wake up 10 minutes earlier to make your coffee . better yet , wake up 20 minutes earlier . and when your coffee is ready , instead of dumping it into a travel cup and bolting out the door , sit down and enjoy your first cup for the next 10 minutes . you deserve it ! update : it 's been a year now and i still love this chemex . however , over time the glass acquired a coffee color tinge that gradually became darker with each use . nothing i tried got it clean , but something my wife tried did : a splash of bleach in otherwise clean water followed by a thorough swishing.now my chemex looks brand new
of all my global knives i have bought recently , this is my favorite - i just love it . it is very light and so easy to use and has so many uses and especially good for peeling vegetables . one of my best buys .
this sharpener is exactly what i hoped for . i have used it enough to overcome the learning curve and am very well pleased
this jewelry organizer is very handy and takes up no room in my closet . it makes it so easy to accessorize in the mornings . i 'm really glad i bought it - no more misplaced earrings
this sweeper is a real bargain . it makes a perfect backup for a full blown vacunm . ( it is a little iffy on hard wood floors . ) well designed and easy to use
great product , too bad the shipping cost as much as the produc
my cat asked me to submit the following review : '' hi , my name is obadiah , and i am n lim 's cat . he has been feeding me purina cat chow indoor formula for over a year . i must say that this is excellent cat food and tastes good . before purina came out with the indoor formula , i was getting the regular purina cat chow and always had an overweight problem . weighing over 15 lbs , i never went outside and slept most of the day . this sedentary lifestyle caused some concern with my veterinarian , who said i should be down to about 12 lbs . then , i started on the indoor formula and lost those three pounds . i am lighter on my paws and can still be just as lazy as i want to be .
i 'll admit , i had to learn how to use this `` turner '' because of its shape , but now i realize that it 's far better than any spatula i 've ever had . i can actually flip a burger now ! ! ( something i could never do before ) i 've got to check out more emerilware . you will not be disappointed -- this spatula is definitely worth it
just what i was looking for , it is an odd sized cover that is hard to find . great quality also
the belt was received very quickly and we were very satisfied with it.donna wilso
i wish i would have bought the regular one instead of the paperback version . i love this light . i can see everything and do n't get the shadows hindering my reading . i prefer to read in bed and this allows me to do so without waking up dh
i bought this lightwedge for my daughter who is 7 . i found out that after i put her to bed , she could not go to sleep right away . she would use a flashlight to do little reading . well after doing some research this seemed to be the best type of light . it shows right on the page and should be better on the eyes . my only issue is you have to buy to separate sizes . i ordered the paperback size because that is all she is reading but even that size is small because there are different size paperbacks . they should make a retractable light that fits a vary of sizes . but it does do the job
love this silicone oven mitt . i have had no issues with heat conductivity and it is extremely resistant to stains . also love the magnet that allows for refrigerator hanging . all in all , just a great item that i use all the time . great colors , too
i got excited about 5min after opening the box ... most people laugh at the idea , but this thing is perfect for me ... i live in a decent sized apartment and always have unexpected guests ... all i did was set the schedule to to the thing on twice a week while at work ... lets see how that runs ... just for fun , as soon as i got it , i plugged thehomebase charger in , took the roomba to the opposite end of my apartment in another room ... pushed the `` find home '' buttons and within 5 min , it was charging it self ... . right now i have it running around the apt just to watch it.. its entertaining , circling around chair legs before its done going under furniture , stopping at lint and going over it again it till it gets picked up ... i dont know what to say ... ive had the thing for 5 hours , and im loving it ... whenever it goes over wires , it backs up and tries something else ... and the thing sounds like a remote control car ... maybe not even that loud ... i was expecting it to sound like a full blown vacumm.. not the case at all ... . just as a test i put a very thin cord about 6 inches long in its path to see what would happen ... the thing tries everything to get it from being stuck , then if it cant get it out.. it stops and makes little `` game over '' type sound effects ... this thing is good ... anyone who sees what its doing to my apt will wind up getting it . i will update this if anything changes . hope you get the same results
pros : works well . heats fast , auto-shutoff feature and visible water level are nice.cons : putting kettle on base requires lining up 3 slots which takes a little extra care and might result in damage to contacts if you 're not careful .
my dog is simply crazy about these treats . but what is really nice about them is that they are fairly healthy as well . since they are hard treats they serve the purpose of both cleaning the teeth and providing a semi-long lasting morsel of enjoyment . in additon to that , since these treats are all natural , they do not contain as many of the fillers that are present in some of the other treats , making them extra healthy . the price may seem hefty for simple dog treats but these are pretty large treats that can be broken up into smaller ones and you ca n't beat the quality .
i was very happy with the princess comforter , it was plush and soft . my granddaughter was thrilled
love these glasses for our beach house . shorter stems allow them to be placed in dishwasher . martinis seem to taste better in the large sized glass
i just bought 2 of these tables to use as nightstands . i have a very high bed , and thought they would be too short and too small ... but they are perfect ! i love the extra storage at the bottom , and the little drawer is very useful as well . assembly took no time at all , and the tables turned out extremely sturdy . i am very pleased !
i absolutely love this tablecloth ! it is a nice gentle white color that goes very well with my dark wood dining set . it is very easy to clean because it repels liquids . i love this tablecloth so much that i want to get it in a few more colors to change it up for different seasons .
i only ordered these because they were only $ 9.99 for the whole set.i do n't think they are nice enough to serve to your guests but i 'd use them on the weekend when i have brunch with my husband
i bought these as i was trying to find my pattern on the internet . i love them ! they are great in the microwave and they match beautifully . perfect for a small dish of ice cream or peaches or to put salsa in for snacking .
this lamp went together with no problem . the pieces fit tightly and the lamp stands perfectly upright . it is more brownish than reddish . but i believe that it can go with many colors , especially pastels . the design , color and simplicity make this a very classy lamp . the slate shade is gorgeous and much tougher than i thought . this lamp , as most lamps , is not made for grabbing and moving too much . put it where you want it and enjoy it 's beauty ! buying this lamp is a win-win situation
this is the cutest comforter , not the softest , buy my son loves it ! i had n't been able to get him to sleep in his own bed all night but as soon as we got this it was no problem . he loves to sleep in his 'thomas ' bed !
i feel rich sleeping in these sheets ! they are quite wrinkley , but just take them out of the dryer as quick as possible . i will have these sheets for years looking just as they do today i 'm sure . money well spent
the flutes are absolutely great ! exactly what i wanted and even better than expected . i will be purchasing more of these shortly
i normally do n't write reviews ... but after owning several toasters in the past , and being very disappointed , i just had to write about this one . i owned an old toastmaster 4 slice toaster for about 20 years . it never did brown evenly , but was a workhorse until finally the bread crumb tray broke . got my money 's worth . i have done a lot of research on toasters on epinions , amazon , and others ... and many people have n't been very happy with toasters they have bought costing nearly $ 300.00 ( dualit ) . toastmaster , ge , rival , dualit , most kitchenaid and sunbeam models were poorly rated . i found one review on this sunbeam ( this is their top of the line model , the chrome and black model costs more , but currently not in production . ) and the person really really liked it . so i ordered this from amazon directly , this was the very lowest price i could find . order something else so as to get their free shipping ! ! ! ( over $ 25.00 ) so what happened when i got it.got the toaster ... plugged it in ... dropped two slices of bread in , and excitedly waited for my toast . a few minutes passed ... .. then.. pop ! its done ... or so i thought . when the toast came out ... it was brown only on one side the other side poorly toasted . this goes for both slices . right then and there i was ready to send this thing back . well ... . had been busy that week and continued using it day after day ... each day was as disappointing as the first ... .. then ... . after a little over a week ... . the bread started toasting ... uh.. well perfectly ! ! ! after owning this for nearly 4 months ... it still browns evenly on both sides of each piece of bread , crisp on the outside , soft on the inside . i do n't know why it started working right ... would n't think that it would need to be `` broken in '' to work right . i am so glad that i did n't send this back right after the first several toastings ... . procrastinating worked out in my best interest , for the first time . i have not tried bagels in this ... do n't like bagels ... . but it does well for what i bought it for . i think the style is rather funky , but many people have liked its looks . if this toaster works for you as good as it has for me ... i think you will like it ! ! ! if it does n't work well right out of the box ... . you might give it a few days ... . maybe the toast fairy will bless you too .
the distribution of heat in this pan is super ! great for gravies and sauces . i have found it practical for stir fry and other similar cooking . stir frying can reduce fats and is usually a pretty healthy way to eat a wide variety of veggies and other delightful ingredients . i even use it to pop brown rice or basmati rice . ever tried hot puffed rice ? sometimes i eat it just like pop corn but often just for a different way of serving rice . this pan is deep enough with or without the lid to keep it from popping out of the pan ( depending how much you start with ) . it is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to 500 degrees . and it is kitchenaid . i expect it to outlast me
my dog absoluely loves this toy . we have had one since she was a puppy , over 6 years ago , and its still going . this is the only toy that she will play with for hours on end and gets excited when she see it . definitely worth buying , it gives great excercise . we sometimes use it as a distraction when our dog gets anxious
this duvet set is soft and easily launderable . looks great and feels even better . fits over my overstuffed down comforter
this is the best - snaps on easily , cleans easily & works just great . our cats love to pull out the grass just like they were outside . they love it and it is a great conversation piece just like the drinkwell . our cats are truly spoiled !
this is a good pet bed and a bargain for the prize . seems to be well made , very puffy , my dog was trying to pound it down before laying on it . i love the round shape , have always had rectangles but this fits the area better and seems to provide plenty of laying room for the dog
i purchased this for a betta fish , which was a gift for my cats . this model was perfect because the lid screws on , which eliminates any fear of my cats lifting the lid to get to the fish . there is a small hole at the top , so you do n't have to unscrew the lid to feed the fish . the `` aqua gems '' cover the bottom , but i added some gravel for additional covering . also , the aqua gems are light , and you lose some when changing the water , so some other covering will likely need to be added eventually . the one negative i found is that the light is basically useless . it illuminates nothing and the batteries die quickly . other than that , i 'm very satisfied . i did look at petsmart for additional oxygen stones , but they do n't sell them . not sure if those are really necessary , though
i am very pleased with my new salad spinner . it can hold a large amount of salad , which means i do not have to reload and do the work over and over . the mechanism is easy to use and works smoothly . i am also able to soak the salad in icewater in it , and then drain it and spin , all in the same piece of equipment .
my cats started drinking a lot more water after i bought this . the intention of this product is to mimic flowing water . cats love water movement , they are attracted to it and want to drink it . the more water they drink , the healthier they are . try it , your cats will love it too
it 's a towel . not too much to say , for more information , read the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy by douglas adams.very good quality , resiliant , color has n't faded , despite being used to dry me off after falling into a creek , being used as padding for my elbow at the firing range , and wiping up spilled cleaning chemicals . tough little bugger
no more water rings - what more could you want ? keeps drinks cold for hours
i have been in love with the set for years ... they are versatile , sharp , and reliable ! each piece has its own speciality , and the whole set satisfies all your need for kitchen endeavor . i personally like the vegetable chopper and the curved bone chopper best . :
when i pick up the brush both my dogs fight to be first . my chow has long hair that is always in knots on her backside . this brush just plowed right through them and she never even seem to notice . my malamute thinks i have nothing better to do than use it on her . it completely got rid of the odors . my dogs rate it their second favorite thing in the house just under their food . the most amazing thing was i had to buy a second brush as i found by accident that it works for me too . i have very long hair that gets knotted very easy . in a hurry one day i picked up their brush and in seconds the knot was gone . no pulling no ripping of hair . if you have the same trouble i suggest you give it a try . would be super for kids
the best product ever ! i have 5 cats ... and let me tell you ... if it were n't for this product i would have gone insane a long time ago ( or i 'd just have a very stinky household ! ) have used it for a long time , and will continue to do
i recieved this from my husband after he got it as a gift at a secret santa party . it is a really beautiful set and all the candles and accents matched what was advertized . i set it up in my office ( in a different pattern from what was shown ) and it really adds a nice touch , especially with its blend of soothing smells.my only complaint is that one of the glass stones was broken in half and the other half could not be found- it probably slipped through the quality control department at the factory . but it had plenty of others to compensate , so it 's not a big deal.i highly recommend this product , especially if you like to `` customize '' and design your centerpieces rather than have them `` pre-assembled .
for the money you ca n't beat this duve
have had the granos for about 1 month . great espresso , great latte and great design . i hope all the leak issues i read below have been solved , but only time will tell .
superior product , great tasting expresso ( rivals starbucks ) , and very reliable . i have owned the granos for about 6 months and have found it to be a pleasure . it is easy to use and makes a top quality cup of expresso . the style of the unit is also unique and has generated much conversation with house guests . if you want a reliable expresso machine that makes a great straight shot or latte , i ca n't recommend the granos more highly . i plan to buy another for my office
i bought the machine about 2 weeks ago and it took me about 5 min to read the instructions and use the machine . sorry , but one would have to be an idiot not to understand how to use it . i love its versatility , e.g . espresso coffee or pods , regular water or add bottle ( for those whose tap water is bad ( comes with an adapter ) ) , froth maker for capuccino or steam water for tea . it sure will draw wows from your friends . as long as you remember to run a cup of water through before each time you use it , your espresso should be the perfect temperature . took me some time to realize why it was lukewarm . the only bad thing ( why i gave it 4 and not 5 stars ) i have to say about the granos is that in order to remove the portafilter , i.e the part with the handle holding the coffee , you have to use force . but maybe after a few months it will loosen up a bit and things will be easier . all in all i am completely satisfied with its user-friendliness , crema , temperature , and versatility .
this was a present for my brother who is in culinary arts school . he loves it , and the professor was very impressed with it 's quality . if you 're looking for a quality knife , this is the way to go ! wustoff and henckels are identical except for the stamped handle . get one , you know you want to
these bowls have been in my home for a few years now . we have used them for cereal in the morning for warming up food in the microwave . they are nice looking and very functional . when we needed another bowl when one broke , we knew we would get another fiestaware bowl
birthday gift and my mom , great southern cook , was thrilled with them . that made me thrilled.john dwain
these are gorgeous bowls . they are my preferred bowl for baking and cooking . i am very satisfied with them - no discoloration problems and they clean up very easily . and they look fantastic on my pot rack
this is a great pan . aside from the fact that it is easily the best non-stick on the market ( and i have used anolon , calphalon and scanpan ) , what continues to impress me most about this pan is its even heat distribution . there are no hot spots , not even the center . when sauteing the food colours evenly ( even when the pan is a little overcrowded ) ; when stewing , you often see tight little bubbles across the surfact of your food , demonstrating how even the heat distribution is . this pan also makes a fine risotto.oh , and did i mention its non-stick is simply the best . clean up is a breeze . nothing sticks . even baked on pasta sauce wipes out with a little water . the surface on swiss diamond is so good that if you make pancakes it is often hard to get the turner under the pancake without sending the pancake to the other side of the pan ! swiss diamond is the king of non-stick , as not only is their surface no . 1 , but the quality of their pans is second to none . i own two swiss diamond pieces , i plan to buy more , and i could n't recommend these pans more highly . this is the pan i reach for the most
my husband goes to bed much later than i do.until i got this gadget , i had to go to sleep with a bedroom light on , and he would leave a low light on in the living room in order to see his wayto the bedroom.i have installed 3 of these units , one in the living room , one in the hall , and one in the bedroom . they light up sequentially as he comes to be
this product is perfect for keeping pots and pans from scratching our new stainless steel sink . rubber feet are great for protecting the sink as well
this is a wonderful hamper . i live in a building where the laundry is in the basement , and this hamper is great , better than any shopping cart . one complaint : it 's handle is too short , i 'm tall and have to slouch to one side when i roll it
i got two of these . one for me and my wife and one for my sons room.we live in nyc ( queens ) and its two floors down to laundry room . the house is old and stairs are very steep , no building codes back in 1901.carrying a basket down stunk , door ways are narrow in my house so always jammed my fingers . this is great , roll it down & up stairs no jammed fingers . if anything i would prefer a taller handle . i am 5'10 '' and its just a bit to low . for my wife its perfect height.gave it a one star ding do to shipping costs . man was almost as much as the two hampers cost to buy . its shipped from target , but target does n't carry them in store , only on-line . and i have seen these in stores for more than twice the price here . so it 's about even.good hamper , takes up minimal space and great for you with narrow doorways and steep stairs
it is just like having a diaper genie for babies , makes it much cleaner
i really love the litter locker . the price ca n't be beat at amazon so get them here for sure . most pet stores will charge you twice that
i recently purchased this set after spending several weeks trying to decide which set was right for me . not a chef , just a regular guy who likes to cook . i looked at several competators and decided that , for the price , this set was the best one out there . i 've had the opportunity to use most of the knives at this point and i find that they keep their edge very well and are extraordinarily easy to clean up . they have a nice heft to them and the handles seem to be just the right size . the only drawback that i see is that i would have preferred an 8 '' chefs knife instead of the 6 '' that comes with the set . overall excellent for the price and an absolutely sufficient set for novice
i have been using calphalon cooking wires . but those were costly . recently i have purchase this set which seems to be equally good . the only thing needs to be taken care is `` do n't cook at high temperature ''
i gave it as a gift , she loved it since the granite roaster she had for over 20 years had gotten a small hole in the bottom from so much use .
after failing to find a simple , easy to use travel clock in local stores i decided to search online and got this one . even though it 's inexpensive , the craftmanship is n't shoddy : all the parts fit together well and are easy to adjust . parts of it glow in the dark ( including the hands , number marks , and pop-up part that lets you know that you set the alarm ) .it 's very quiet and does n't take up much space . if only more things in life were like this great little clock
this little clock measures 2.25 x 2.25 x 1.25 inches ( 5.5 x 5.5 x 3.3 cm ) . there 's one simple knob to set the time and alarm , and the knob is easy to manipulate even without tiny fingers little glow in the dark accents on the hands help with night vision , though they are not very bright.to turn the alarm on just pop up the gray lever on the top . smack it to shut the alarm off ( you could press it gently , but it did just wake you up , right ? ) . there is no snooze feature , but for $ 5 , it 's a great value as a travel alarm , in case you nap in your car , or as a backup should your primary alarm clock fail you.you just need to add your own aa battery to get it running
i ordered this china specifically to use during the holidays . it arrived in perfect condition with all pieces accounted for , and is absolutely lovely . the red and gold combination can be used year-round , and it is dishwasher safe ! i like it so much i intend to order another service for 8 . excellent value
my wife wanted two sets to match our new family room decor . well , they turned out to be so beautiful that we have replaced our good formal china with this set . really gorgeous pattern and color . the red has a slight orange cast and is not a perfect match for a more maroon red.the sets arrived in perfect condition although the two outside box were very beat up . excellent packaging . a fabulous deal
why would you get a smaller toaster oven when you can get this one at such a good price ? it works well , looks good and you can actually fit things in it . never be frustrated by what you ca n't fit in your toaster oven !
i bought this set after the recent issues with teflon . i did my research on all non-teflon items and decided upon iron cast pans as the aluminum pans do give off some aluminum into the food and may ( key word here is may ) contribute to alzheimer 's ( according to some ) , and the stainless steel gives off chromium and nickel into the foods , both of which i am allergic too . pure copper with no aluminum is extremely expensive ; a good set of a few items are $ 600+ . there are also ceramic glass pots and pants made by corning/pyrex called visionware ( also known as visions ) that can be found on ebay ( and a few are left here on amazon ) as they are no longer in production . finally , there are also items made of ceramics and clay that should be safe alternativesthe items have been great so far , however , you will really want to do some research in google ( or any other search engine ) on how to care for them as there are some things that you really should n't do such as rinse a very hot pan in cold water ( it will crack or break ) etc . in addition , you will also want to so some research on how to `` season '' them which makes them very close to being non-stick ( you basically smear them with an oil than can take high temperatures and `` bake '' the pans for an hour at 350 degrees fahrenheit ) . i did this and i just made eggs from eggbeaters without any oil which always used to stick in my nonstick teflon pan , but very little stuck in my seasoned cast iron pan.the downsides are that the handle can get hot when it is left on the stove for long period of time and that you can not stick the pan into the dishwasher ( and i tried ... .it will come out a little bit rustier-but the little rust does come off very easily ) . the sizes are also a little bit on the smaller side for me . so i think i will buy one more in a larger size.the upsides are price , no chemicals ( except for some iron ) in your food , easy to care for , and very non stick when seasoned . this is a great starter set
ok let me start by saying i am not a coffee snob , i am more of a coffee nut , i very much prefer a cup of my nice dark italian roast but if the neighbor offers me a cup of his foldgers i wont turn up my nose . and for a guy like me this machine is perfect ! ! i looked at the 500 dollar machines but just couldnt see spending that for something i see myself using 4-5 days out of the week so i setteled on this machine and i have not one regret.i have had the machine about 3 weeks now , i admit i dont use it every day as i have thoses mornings where i am just running late and dont have time , but in that three weeks i have used it at least 5 days out of every week and it has been great . this thing is so easy to use right out of the box with the pods i was just amased , my old machine went down quite a while ago so i havent pulled a shot in a very long time and with this machine i was sipping a great one in minutes ! the one thing that did dissapoint me is the pods , i bought the machine thinking i would use them as they seemed so convient ... and dont get me wrong , the illy dark roast pods make one of the best shots of espresso i have ever had , very quickly , but keep in mind they only make one shot at a time so for me who usually likes 3 or 4 shots in a cappucino they are a bit time consuming and i have found it better to just pack my own double shots . but besides that little thing this machine is perfect for a coffee nut like me , it does a great job no matter what im in the mood for , be it a straight shot , a cappucino , or the nice mocha latte every now and then this is a great machine for you , may not be good enough for a coffee snob ... but just right for a coffee nut ! oh and one hint i found very helpfull ... turn the machine on 5 or 10 minutes before you are going to use it ( the longer the better ) with your cups up on the warmer . i saw some people complaining that the espresso was only luke warm when it came out , i exprenced the same problem when i dont let it warm up and brew into a cold cup , but if you do let it warm up it will make you a nice piping hot espresso !
the stool fits under my kitchen table and is easy to move around . i bought this stool for my 3 year old grandson , he pulls it up to the sink when he wants to get a drink of water and he sits on it when he eats his lunch . he loved mine so i bought him one of his own
best investment i have ever made in cookware . heats evenly , more thoroughly and burns less . amazingly tough and the best part is i do n't have to hunt for special `` plastic '' utensils to mix and stir . this is sweet cookware and so dang easy to clean , i love it !
i almost did n't purchase these because of the reviews , but my son likes thomas , so i did . i was expecting really rough , but i do n't think they are all that bad . maybe the company has taken the reviews under consideration and changed material . anyway , the boy is quite happy with them and sleeps quite soundly .
i have twin boys and for their 3rd birthday their room was being done in all thomas the tank . these sheets were a real thrill for them . i only wish they would come in a higher thread count or softer fabric . the boys do n't seem to care , however
it 's well-made , sturdy , good looking pet crate . i bought the small first for my 12-pound cat , and it was much too large , so i exchanged it for the extra small and it is just right . remember that it 's a crate , so do n't look for the handle
it 's pretty comfortable , but what new mattress is n't ? the foam-memory material takes a little getting used to . i generally prefer a very firm mattress , and had to get used to the `` sinking-in '' feeling . i 've also found you ca n't really use a lot of pillows.what i like about it is that if someone else tosses and turns , or gets out of bed , you do n't feel it.the smell people are referring to is like an industrial product smell , but it is n't as obnoxious as it 's made out to be , but definitely present . if ignored , it will linger for about a month or so . i did n't try to spray anything on it because it did n't really bother me that much.over all it 's a good mattress , although not the greatest thing since sliced bread . i 'm sure it will last a lot longer than a regular mattress , and feel i 've definitely gotten my moneys worth . i would recommend it .
for an inexpensive pizza stone , it does the job . if you 're looking for something that is more versatile , look somewhere else . this stone is primarily for breads , pizza and the like . i know this because i tried baking cookies on it . the cookies turned out fine , but they stuck to the stone . however , when i make home made pizza from scratch , the crust comes out perfect ! not too soft , not too crisp . it bakes it perfectly all the way through with a nice golden crust
by far the best bang for the buck when it comes to non-stick pans . it 's already taken a beating and still looks like new with no scratches . it also cooks very evenly across the entire bottom surface .
what a beautiful bowl -- i love the tea rose design by pfaltzgraff ! i liked it so much that i ordered a second one ! this seller sends items very quickly , and they package their items with extreme care . i love this seller
i got this pan because i 've been coveting all-clad when reading reviews of high-end cookware , and because of the low price . i figured that the low price made it a teaser -- something to get you prepared to pay the fortune you need to buy other items in the line . it 's a nice pan , but limited . on the good side , it 's hefty , has a perfectly flat bottom for good contact with the stove , heats evenly and holds the heat . it is not non-stick , so i use it when i want the contents to produce the fabled `` brown bits '' that come up with deglazing . stuff sticks , unless you use a lot of fat . as noted by other reviewers , it does not have a pouring spout . the rim is squared off , so the pouring stream tends to be very wide . my other major gripe is that it does not have a lid . all-clad lids are pricey , like everything else in their line . i sometimes use a cheap tempered-glass lid with it . i still covet all-clad pans , but not as much as i did before
i need a tablecloth and this was the cheapest price plus 6 napkins . both packets arrived dirty with many hanging threads and i threw them straight into the washer . they are 55 % cotton and 45 % polyster so they came out of the dryer wrinkle free . i am very happy with these basic table linens . i like the price too . made in pakista
this is the best , most beloved item in my kitchen ! ! ! i only wish i had bought the grinder and all the different cups ( which i am going to now add on ) .i read some of the other reviews -- -and at first i was also disappointed with this blender . now that i have learned how to use it , i love it ! ! ! do not put protein powder into it first , it will get stuck in the bottom of the cup which you invert onto the blades ( when you invert it , the bottom becomes the top ) . if you put liquid in first and then the powder there 's no problem . you have to learn how to use it . you will want to put the frozen fruit in last if you are making something really thick . i read the reviews here before i bought mine and a woman said hers was junk but i went ahead and read the rest of the reviews and decided to buy it . if mine breaks in a year , it will have been well worth the price . i use it every day and sometimes three times a day . on a hot day when i want something slushy and cold , i 'll put in orange juice with some strawberries and ice -- -in a flash you have a refreshing drink . it 's fabulous.i could use my cuisinart , but this blender is so easy and quiet by comparison . there are no buttons to push , you just fill the cup with your juice ( i often add protein powder ) and something frozen ( ice or frozen fruit ) and screw on the lid ( which have blades in it ) and put it on the blending base and twist . you can either twist and pusle it , or twist and leave it to blend on its own . then you take the lid off , rinse , and that 's it . i love hummus and i will never make it in the blender because you have to dig it out and most of it gets left behind . with this gadget , you fill the cup , blend it , then screw off the blade lid , screw on the refrigerator lid , and that 's it . nothing to scrape , just put it in the refrigerator . ( oh yes , you do have to rinse off the blade lid , that 's the whole clean-up ) .if you like frozen drinks or sauces you blend , this is a great gadget ! ! ! i live in two places and i am getting another one for the other place , but i 'm buying the complete set this time
it does everything i need it to and more ! i 'm a raw foodist so i do n't need something that will `` cook '' foods like some of the other high-powered blenders will . however , if that 's what you need one for , this will do that , too . the l'equip is the only blender i have ever used without the lid ( not advised for households with children ) . i can start it out at a crawl and go up to blindingly fast with a turn of the knob . i liked my original one so much that i bought one to have at the office so my green smoothies could be made fresh for lunch . alton brown was showing off his appliances on `` good eats '' and he has a l'equip , too . made me feel famous
perfect in size with a great hand feel . these glasses are large enough to allow room for a nice bouquet and some swirling if you 're so inclined . if you like port , you 'll love these glasses
the pan arrived on time and undamaged in the factory box . the nonstick surface is slicker than the hardened titanium one used on scanpan , and cleans easily . the rotating vent on the glass lid is a nice feature . my wife was skeptical at first , but i 've caught her and my daughter using this pan frequently- in fact , it 's become their favorite pan ! unlike a pure teflon finish , this pan will brown the food nicely . as far as durability goes , well , it 's too early to tell , but the manufacturer touts the longevity of their product . i like it
this scale is quite accurate and easy to read . the only problem may be that it can be a little touchy when trying to adjust the needle in order to use a different container
wow , this salter kitchen scales is highly accurate . i always get a perfect bake everytime . i definitely recommend this product . you 'll never be disapointed with its quality .
well i used it in my restaurant and yes it was okay not the best of the best but for 11 bucks it was good enough to measure basic not exact amounts so if you need something for appoximate amounts i say go for it . not bad for the price i recommend it but also will say it will not take to much abuse its made of plastic .
this tablecloth is exactly what i was looking for . it is a good quality material and the shipping was very fast
i have tried all kinds of feather pillows and foam pillows but just could not get comfortable sleeping on my side . while shopping for a new mattress , i came across the simmons beautyrest pillow . what a difference ! it provides great support but is still soft and comfortable . now i do n't toss and turn all night , and i actually get up earlier in the morning and feel rested for the first time in a long time . i definitely recommend this pillow for people who sleep on their side and are looking for good support
i love my spice rack , do n't get me wrong -- i mounted it under my cabinet to increase storage space in my tiny kitchen . unfortunately , sometimes when i spin it ( gently , as always ) the entire rack comes off and falls apart ! the spices go everywhere and creates a mess -- not to mention wastes spices . i had it come off twice in one week . it happens if we spin it clockwise or counter clockwise -- there is no way to 'lock ' it into place , it sits in a channel , but is not locked . so , look out when you spin , or put your other hand underneath it to steady it . also -- really fine spices like cinnamon , tend to escape and dust behind . i do n't mind it , but if you 're a clean freak , it 'll drive you insane -- it gets everywhere
i have had this product for 8 yrs - before the internet ! i make a meal for my husband & family every nite & could hardly live without this product . it really eliminates the need to wash & dry measuring spoons and takes all the hassle out of making dishes with many ingredients - at least you do n't have to get a utensil out for measuring spices . i have had this product in 3 homes ( i 'm a military spouse ) and it has been able to mount under the cabinets in 2 houses thus saving me valuable counterspace & cabinet space due to the small kitchens in military housing . i would highly reccommend this to those who like to cook in tight spaces . every move , i just empty the spices & run the canister thru the dishwasher , then set out to dry . of course , the labels had started to come off after 7 years so i simply printed out some new `` cutesy '' labels for those spices i constantly measure . as i remember , the labels that came with the package included most every spice you could ever want . money well spent -- 8 yrs ago my hubby bought this for me & it has survived a lot of cooking and moves
gorgeous , unique & useful ! i bought this as a gift and it is the recepient 's favorite . great gift ... do not hesitate..buy now !
i bought one of these on a whim when the product launched just before christmas , 2006 . it seemed like a perfect - if unnecessary - stocking stuffer for my wife , since we 're both wine enthusiasts . i never really felt these `` gimmick '' aerators did much that a solid 1/2 hour decanting could n't do . boy was i wrong.the device itself is attractive , compact and solidly built . it appears to be a simple oblong plexiglass `` funnel '' with a rubber grip . there are two small channels in the center of the funnel , which look like `` cracks '' in the plastic ( i 've read product info that assures worried buyers these cracks are proper and unavoidable ) . wine is poured through the top of the funnel , and immediately a suction sound is heard as the pouring draws air into the wine before it escapes out the bottom of the funnel . the aerator is easily held , and i 've never had a problem with spills.now on to the `` effect '' of the vinturi . i 've been using the vinturi for 5 months now , on a variety of wines ... from a bottle of `` two buck chuck '' , to a nice '98 vietti barolo , to a bottle of 97 ' phelps insignia . in every circumstance , with every wine , i 've noticed a significant improvement in the quality of the wine when poured through the vinturi , as opposed to tasted directly from bottle . the flavours are more blended , the finish is less acidic , and frankly , it has made most of the wines i drink a more pleasurable experience , from sniff to swallow . i 've conducted several `` blind '' tastings with friends , and we all agree - this thing works . if you 're a serious wine drinker - or shopping for a wine drinker in your life - give this product a try . at $ 40 , it 's about the price of a decent california cabernet , and will yield results for decades to come . i plan on picking up a few dozen this christmas and giving them out as gifts to business clients
i use this desk chair frequently , as a student i spend many hours sitting and studying at my desk . the chair does n't take up much space in my small apartment and it is comfortable and sturdy . plus , it was a great value , so even if it does n't last forever , i am very happy for now
looking for a great armless chair ? you just found it . this is an affordable chair , a comfortable chair , and a chair that is easy to assemble.trust me on this one . unless you are going to spend 80 dollars or more , you are not going to find a better chair.see ya next review .
this is a strudy , well built product . it was very easy to install . i did it in 15 minutes . my wife loves it.now she has a lot more room in her sewing room . we opted to paint it , but it can be stained also . we reccommend it highly
i now own 3 of these platters . ( one is the halloween one ! ) i use them constantly for entertaining . the platter is large enough to put a pizza on , or stack deserts , just about anything . it is easy to clean , as is mose fiesta , fits in my dishwasher , and looks great
my son and i love this item ! it 's so fun to be able to quickly and easily make shaved ice . sometimes we freeze juice or soda in the molds ( rootbeer is a favorite ! ) , and sometimes we just use regular ice and sno-cone syrup . this is one of the best kitchen gadgets i 've ever purchased ! !
i used this pan just this morning and i really like it . it has a great non-stick surface and is easy to clean . the price is great also . the only thing that might be a problem for some people is the handle . it slants downward instead of upward . so , if you have a flat surface stovetop , your pan wo n't sit flat on the surface . i have a gas stove and it is not a problem for me . i did n't notice this from the picture and the descriptions do n't mention this but i think it is important to know . who knows , maybe i got a defective pan and do n't know it . other than that , it is a great pan for the money . i like it more than other non-stick pans i have had .
this item saves space because it folds everything to the same size . it is god 's gift to those of us who have small closets and hate messes . i first saw it when a clerk at a store was using it to put clothes back on the floor for sale . i tried to buy it off her and she told me the name of the company . i love the flip-fold . you wo n't be sorry if you buy this item
i bought this for my two `` classic '' revere ware 2qt pots ( marked `` clinton , ill '' ) and steamer attachment and this piece fits fine on all three pieces . all of today 's revere ware , including this lid , are made overseas . the pots now seem to be made of a much thinner gauge of steel , but this glass lid works fine .
i had to replace my space saver b & d on a sunday morning . i wanted another thermal carafe model but was n't realy ready to shell out $ 80 for the braun even witht the good reviews . i found this on clearance at target for $ 35 and i bought a cuisinart gold filter for it . i did not like the fact the mr coffee filter had a solid bottom to the gold filter . anways , there is not much i can say bad about this machine.things i like : looks , brew seletor , self clean feature , makes good coffee , the carafe is one the best i have used . the easy change water filter disks are a nice feature as well , inexpensive and work pretty well . i dont have any of the leak problems . things i would change : could make coffee a little hotter but not a deal breaker , the unit beeps 5 times when finished brewing not a big deal when everyone is up and moving but i tend to set it to go on before the family is up . overall for what i paid for this i 'm very pleased
we just purchased ours this past week and we love it ! ! we 've had glass coffee makers before and we used to waste so much coffee because it sat on the burner and burnt . now we throw away nothing ! sometimes we wake up the next morning and there is still a half a pot left . a good 1 minute zap in the microwave and it tastes just as good as it did when it was first brewed . this is our second thermal coffee maker and we have found that unless you remove the coffee filter holder after each use and rinse it , it will leak all over . coffee grounds get stuck in the little holes where the coffee comes out and into the thermal pot . also to stop the leak problem , be careful when putting in coffee grounds , make sure none get past it . im a little surprised at the negatives reviews on this product . its an in expensive coffee maker and it does the job very well . the over-flowing of coffee and the leakage problem is due to improper housekeeping . we havent had any problems with this .
rarely does a product move me to write a review but i have found myself increasingly using the net ( and amazon ) to review products i am not really familiar with before buying them . rice cookers were one of those products . so i thought i 'd share my experience since i had a hard time finding a review for this rice cooker to help others out . we were microwave rice and stovetop rice cookers until we started eating a lot of sushi . then we wanted something to make the `` perfect rice '' . this is it . the first time we used it , i let my girlfriend make the rice . it boiled over and made a huge mess and came out totally mushy . i was bummed i spent $ 200 on a rice cooker that was going to be messy or difficult to use . then , i watched my girlfriend making it the second time and realized she was putting in 2 times the amount of water required . following the directions , the 25 or 30 times we have used it since , we get absolutely perfect rice . white rice , sticky rice , whatever . it is sylish so it does n't look like a little crock pot sitting in my contemporary kitchen , the cord retracts into the base for convenience and the thing could n't be easier to clean . the rice pot , the lid and the steam vent pop out and are easily cleaned . wipe the rest down with a damp paper towel and you 're done . so easy . rarely is `` set it and forget it '' associated with perfection , but in this case it is . would i prefer if it was $ 100- $ 150 , sure . but i paid $ 200 and do n't regret it .
being a wine lover , i 've used all kinds of corkscrews , from your basic twist model to the kind with the `` wings '' to the two-pronged kind . finally , i received the screwpull as a gift , and my search for the perfect corkscrew came to an end ! as others have said , the screwpull effortlessly lifts the cork up , so there 's no actual `` pulling '' whatsoever -- all you do is simiply turn the easy-to-use lever at the top of the device . in almost 10 years of usage , the screwpull has never failed to easily and cleanly remove a cork ; on the rare occasions when it had trouble removing the cork on the first try ( probably because i started too close to the edge ) , simply starting over solved the problem . spend a little more money to buy the screwpull , and you 'll never need to buy another corkscrew again ; highly recommended
we bought one for my home office , and my largest cat loved it but could n't fully fit on it ( he likes to stretch out when he sleeps ) . he was doing whatever he could to make it work . so then we bought a second one to put right next to the first , and his reaction was one of pure love and ecstasy . one cat can get on each , although the largest will share space from the other . ( we have no small cats ) but since we have three cats , and sometimes petsit a fourth , that area gets crowded sometimes , and there are hissing fights . i do n't have quite enough window space for a third.right now i 'm looking for replaceable covers , and i 'm not having much luck . we 've had these for a few years , and try to keep them cleaned , but it 's a pain . we need to replace them
i bought one of these twenty years ago and it took this long for it to finally stop working . i find it easy to insert the cans . it works great if you follow the directions . it 's not made to support the cans you must cradle the can as it goes around . cleaning is simple because the blade and all pops out so you can stick them in the dishwasher or the sink . it 's a good buy
beautiful , good quality bowls . heavy and thick , they wo n't break easily . vibrant colors . i 'll be buying more
it 's a quality product from krups which gives lots of froth ! sometimes too much . if you are not experienced capuchino maker this product is right for you
this sheet is great . feels great , looks great , and feels good to the skin . glad i bought it and the price was great
those sheets are so sweet . i bought them in several colors . it 's a dream to sleep in them
this is a great product for holding your knives . my wife and i got a nice set of henckel knives as a wedding present . i could n't figure out how i could transport the knives . along with the blade savers , this roll bag does a great job of protecting as well as allowing us to safely transport our knives
it 's kinda hard to imagine dimention on a non standart object . it works , and cleans , i guess a bit small , but for the money its well worth i
this far exceeds any similar bowl . so what if the other reviewer has to flip this thing 3 times to get his/her heep of sugar . personally , i replaced my sugar bowl/spoon server so that my children would not over do it on the sugar in their morning cereal . the product feels and looks great and functions well . i ended up buying another one for my work location . it is super easy to clean and the fact that it is of simple design makes after use clean up a snap .
my dog loves this toy . she especially loves for us to hide treats inside it . she will find a way to remove the treats without taking any of the squirrels out
after 10 years in the kitch , i have good skills with knife . but , first day with this knife , i cut my finger . shun cuts yam like tofu , it happen so fast that i was n't even able to react to it . i need to be extra careful with this blade
these are as decsribed and a wonderful value - cheapest price i 've seen and free shipping ! arrived quickly too
the bumble bee is a known sign for qaulity in france . these type of knives are the same ones used in the top restaurants in france and the rest of the world over . there is not a finer steak knife in the world . i have been to the factory and have seen these craftsmen at work . they create perfection
what an awesome product ! heavy-duty and sturdy , you 'd never know it was an `` assemble-at-home '' item . it 's a quality piece of furniture . it 's on wheels , which is a good thing because it is surprisingly heavy.let 's start at the top : the butcher block top . it 's three inches thick and , as such , it is the heaviest part of the entire kitchen cart . it is made of fine , high-quality asian hardwoods . the finish is oiled and the manufacturer recommends seasoning it regularly with mineral oil.the next is the cart itself . immediately under the butcher block top , there is a 2 '' deep drawer . it 's large and deep enough to accommodate a standard utensil holder or other items of your choice . the pull handle on the drawer is fashioned out of brushed chrome.beneath the drawer , there is a shelf . surrounding the shelf on three sides are brushed chrome rods , adding a modern look . matching the brushed chrome are three hooks on the right side of the cart , perfect for hanging larger utensils or pot holders.below the shelf is a cabinet with two doors . the pull handles for the doors also have a brushed chrome finish . the cabinet is large enough to hold an entire set of dinnerware ( as in my case where i have eight place settings that include dinner and luncheon plates , fruit and soup bowls , and more ) .finally , heavy-duty , professional grade caster wheels support the whole thing . the two in the front are locking . to prevent stubbed toes , the wheels can easily be rotated and tucked under the unit.the easy to follow directions for assembly ( which are diagrammed and in english ) call only for a philips screwdriver . a hex wrench is included for the 18 hex bolts . i used an electric screwdriver for both the philips screws ( 14 in all ) and the hex bolts ( after i found the right sized hex tip for my screwdriver ) .i can happily report that all pieces fit together easily ( no struggling to match up this piece with that piece ) and all holes are pre-drilled.the drawer requires assembly also . the runners for the drawer are already attached ! you must put together the front , sides and back of the drawer with screws ( again , all holes are pre-drilled ) . a word of advice regarding assembling the drawer : follow the directions where it says to put the screws in only halfway before trying to attach the bottom of the drawer . i made the mistake of tightening the screws too much and had trouble sliding the bottom into the assembled front , back and sides . it 's a snug fit . once i loosened the screws enough , the bottom easily popped into place and i was able to sock it in securely by tightening the screws.i have only one other thing to mention regarding the assembly of the entire cart : once the body of the cart is assembled and the unit is standing upright , you must lift the butcher block and set it down on the top of the cart . at this point , you have already placed four cam lock screws on the top of the cart and they 're pointing upward . these screws will fit into four pre-drilled holes on the bottom of the butcher block . you must align the screws on the cart with the holes on the butcher block as you place the butcher block on top of the cart . because the butcher block is so heavy , you may want to have help.but what a reward it was to see the unit fully assembled and then to marvel at what a quality piece of furniture it ended up being . ikea sells a similar item for twice the money.i give the home styles double door kitchen cart with butcher block top 5 stars because of the beauty of the product and its better-than-a-bargain price
there is n't much you can say about a sharpening steel . it sharpens well , and is extremely fine for keeping already sharp blades at their sharpest . the handle is ugly gray plastic , but it seems solidly put together , and is easy to work with
i bought this for my husband three years ago , and he absolutely loves it . in fact , many people who come to our house ask about it , as the coffee is superb . we are very picky about our coffee , tending to buy expensive brands and grind the beans ourselves , and this coffeemaker wins hands down over the many we have had through the years . i would never consider another brand and would hesitate to buy another model . the coffee is usually hot throughout the day ( depending on how much is in it , of course ) , as my husband always heats it with boiling water before he brews the coffee . we have never had the first problem with boilovers , leaking , implosions ( huh ? ) , etc . in fact , i 'm getting one for my daughter and her husband for christmas , as they always admire ours
i 've had one of these since 03/03 , and the little thing is holding up just fine - i have n't even had trouble with calcium deposits after so long , as i thought i might , what with the hard water 'round these parts . anyhow , my bodum ibis is heating away merrily ... if it does die anytime soon , i 'll be very very sad , as i 've got the orange model . but i 'll replace it with another just like it , only in black
this is a well built pizza peel . i gave 4 starts instead of 5 because it showed that it was in stock and would ship with 2 day delivery . they actually were out of stock and it came a week after i really needed it .
this is great ! easy set up , dishwasher safe ( top shelf only ) , and super quiet ( there is a very faint humm ) our cats went right over to check it out . it is kinda big but i expected that from the picture . the only problem seems to be that some of the pieces are too big to fit in the top shelf of our ancient dishwasher . 5 stars ! ! ! i 'd give it more if i could
immediately became my favorite skillet . cooks evenly , cleans up easily . only wish it also came in the 12 '' size
a good basic place to hang a half dozen jackets or hats . its a little wobbly when loaded but not too bad . easy to assemble and looks ok. a good overall buy .
i bought this fan 2 years ago from phoenix and it is still going strong ! its quiet and unwaveringly loyal . i bought my 2nd one just the other day as a gift for my son in seattle . he enjoys his as much as i enjoy mine . the remote is a big hit with us both . if i can i 'm going to send a 3rd one to my sister in seattle . she is in a studio apt..this fan is perfect .
we have almost all of santa fe collection.it 's colorful and brings a smile to your face early in the morning during your breakfast and everytime you have a meal.plates are of a good size , bowls are perfect for cereal or fruit.and the mugs , oh ! they are so unique ! their shape and their size are just what we were looking for.my husband says it 's perfect for his morning latte.the pieces of this set are heavy and nicely made.we have 2 sets of 2 sets of these place settings and they are on everyday use.bigger pieces , such as pasta bowl , dip and chip bowl we hand wash.the other pieces go strait to the dishwasher . never had a problem , in fact we 're proud owners .
i have had this desk for about a year now and feel this desk is perfect for anyone who does not have a lot of space and wants to add style and function . the desk and hutch are easy to put together and sturdy . i have all the matching pieces . i recomend this product and trust products that come from target
i purchased the smallest version , the lw 14 , for the purpose of cleaning the air in a small kitchen without windows.air ionizers did n't rid the air of the frying smells , but this appliance works . the initial price is high , but not the cost to keep the venta running . water is cheap . power consumption on highest setting is about 35 watt . for whisper-quiet use in a bedroom a lower setting is better . any air-con would be much louder anyways and drown out the venta on the highest setting.the motor used to power the machine is indeed very silent , and possible ca n't be manufactured for 30 $ . the other components are ruggedly constructed and hopefully last many years.the device can also be used for aromatherapy , which i 'm just testing with some natural mint oil against my cold
clean , elegant , easy to use and clean , but this cutting board has an aesthetic appeal that goes beyond mere functionality . clean lines , thinner than most boards , and the look and feel of wood without the practical ( and bacterial ) problems.a joy to use
excellent . heavy duty and well made . the satin nickel looks expensive . it stands about 13 `` high with a good , strong support base . it should last a lifetime . jdg 3/6/0
i already had a cake lifter . when i visited my daughter and her husband at christmas , they were lifting a coffee cake out of the oven using two small spatulas . i knew how much easier it would have been with the cake lifter so i wanted to get one for them . googled spatulas and was amazed at how many there were . finally found one just like mine and ordered two of them - one for each daughter . i have given one hers and she was delighted . will give the other one hers when i visit in march . i use mine often and am glad to have it - do n't believe enough people know there is such an item on the market . too bad it is n't sold more widely
impressive machine overall . i 've had a problem with some carpets causing the beater bar to stop resulting in the loud percussive clicking of the beater bar clutch . looking around on the internet , this seems to be fairly common . i understand the clutch is there to prevent issues with the beater bar breaking things , but the clutch seems a bit weak on mine.the attachments are great for hard floors , and furniture.i am amazed at what it pulls out of my carpets every time i use the machine , but the beater bar is pretty annoying for a machine at this price point , even the refurbished one
my husband loves cereal for breakfast , and i bought it so he does n't have to go to the pantry every morning to get a box of cereal . it was a perfect fit for him , and it even accommodates the extra large cereal bowl that he uses . i was surprised at how big it was , but the stainless steel frame is incredibly beautiful . the rubber turn knob does n't jam up as easily as i expected , although dense cereal may require a bit more effort to dispense . only complaints : 1 . the top plastic covers are not completely airtight , but are fine for dry cereal . 2 . the bottom rubber covers fall out easily - they should fit more snugly
i ordered this four piece set and really like it . the quality seems great and durable . the color is defitely not white . it is more of a light tan color , but the price was too good compared to other sets i 've seen at pier 1 , ect ... so i wo n't be retuning it . just want you all to know it 's not white , but very sturdy .
this pan along with several others i have acquired from the calphalon tri-ply line is fantastic . great weight and balance , superb craftsmanship , the glass lids fit snugly and most important of all , the pricing is terrific . i have all-clad and yes , it is wonderful but quite frankly i find myself asking why spend more when you can get equal quality for quite a bit less . and it is still made in u.s.a .
i read the reviews before i purchased this machine . i know from experience that reviews are extremely subjective and often times people misuse the appliance or simply expect more than a machine is capable of . so with this in mind i will put in my 2 cents . i have had my machine for two months and i use it about 4 times a week on a 200 square foot vinyl kitchen floor that accomodates two adults , a 4 year old and two dogs . generally it works pretty well and is much more convenient than a regular mop and bucket . you must remember that this is a low cost residential machine and as such will not replace the suction and scrubbing power of a serious vacuum and elbow grease . the machine is set up to auto-shut off if you move the machine quickly or drop it down low . i agree with with the other writers about the poor suction capability but you must consider the overall design of the machine . a powerful adjustable head machine that would pick up more than dog hair and dust would be cost prohibitive . i see what hoover was trying to do with this machine . they were trying to accomodate our scrubbing and vacuuming needs in one cost effective machine . they gave it a good shot but for all of us clean-freaks this machine does n't quite hit the mark.the water/cleaning solution section is , in my humble opinion , to small . i run out of water quickly and i have a very small kitchen . but the good news is that my kitchen is so small i can take three steps over to the sink and fill it up . : ) one more comment before i give my final review ... remember to follow the instructions and use only the kind of cleaners hoover recommends . there 's a reason for this . if you use regular household cleaners that cut crease you will damage your machine and it will most certainly leak and die ! the grease cutting agents in regular household cleaners and soaps strip the bearings and fry the gaskets.so my final opinion is this . if you have a relatively small space and need a daily quick scrub it 's a great time saver . it 's a good overall cleaner if you need a quick vac-up of dog hair , scrub and mop . any more heavy duty than that and you are back to the good old vacuum attachment , mop and bucket routine . if you are a cleanfreak , like me , you know that nothing replaces a good old fashioned hand-and-knees scrub . no machine will ever leave you satisfied . this machine was definately not made for heavy duty cleaning but for light daily use it 's great.i am giving this machine 4 stars because i think it does what it was designed to do ... light cleaning . i would have given it 5 stars if the cleaning solution bucket was larger and the cut off mechanism was a little more liberal and a little more suction power would have been nice.when hoover finally comes up with a heavy duty scrubber with the suction power of a regular vacuum , scrubbing power of my own elbow and ability to get into corners and baseboards i 'll be all over it ! until then , i 'll settle for a daily scrub with this machine and a good hand scrub once a month .
just got it as a add on to an order and found that my cats really liked it . all you have to do is open the bag and they come a runnin
very well made and far more attractive than a wire cage or plastic crate , this pen is a great option for keeping a larger pet in the living room . our dog - a rescued border collie - is incontinent , so she can not roam around the house . and while she prefers being outdoors , with this great looking pen she can now spend quality time inside , in the same room as her family ( instead of out back in the mud room , where her old wire cage was )
i 've always been on a search to find the best coffee mug that includes all the features that serious coffee drinkers are looking for:1 . keeps the beverage hot for hours.2 . when sealed , it does not leak at all.3 . easy to drink from and dribble-free.4 . suitable for right and left hand drinkers.5 . fits into most car cup holders.6 . clips to straps/loops/handles to carry easily , even when filled.7 . easy to clean and stays stain/smell free.8 . rubber accents provide non-slip grips and does n't make a clanking noise when the mug is set down on the conference table.9 . high quality construction for durability.10 . it looks really cool ! this mug has with out a doubt ended my search for the perfect coffee mug . i look at all others now and laugh because they pale in comparison to this mug . finally , a company has created the ultimate coffee mug for even the most demanding user . this is a fantastic mug and is definitely worth the price
we use it as supplemental heat in our apartment , raises the temp of our entire 1000 sq ft. apartement about 10 degrees with no problem ( our landlords have the thermostat ) . however check the shipping price ... shipping nearly doubled the price on the item .
i got this for our 3-year-old daughter 's room as for some reason she does not seem to like the sound of a radiant heater . it does a decent job of boosting the heat level in the room , which she needs because she tends to kick off her blankets during the night . i would n't rely on this alone to heat a room unless it was a very small room . the top and back do get hot , although you 'd have to keep your skin in contact with it for several seconds to actually get burned ; bumping into it should not cause any burns . i have n't noticed any odors or noises from it
i just received this set yesterday and have n't had a chance to actually bake a pizza in it yet ( i 'll try to remember to update this review once i do ) , but there were a few initial impressions i thought merited a review on their own : - the cookbook mentioned in the title and description of this product was not actually included in the package . instead , the kit contained a small fold-out pamphlet with four or five basic recipes and a card advertising where to obtain the aforementioned cookbook . ( i doubt anyone orders this set strictly because of the cookbook , or even that it sways many would-be buyers who are on the fence about the value of the kit . but its absence does make a small difference in the value of the purchase , and is something you should know before you buy . ) - that having been said , the pans and lid themselves look and feel so good , i have no doubt whatsoever that they 'll be wonderful , functional additions to my kitchen . the hard-anondized surface gives a distinct impression of quality and durability . i 'm impressed . and i 'll be back to say more once i actually use them to make pizzas !
i recently upgraded to this machine . i had an antique white that only sewed straight and zigzag ... imagine my pleasure at having a machine that can make 48 different stitches ! i 'm very happy with the product - you ca n't go wrong with a singer product
this worked as promised and turned out some very dainty little madelines- cute as a button ! it works the same as the large madeleine pans , and is made from the same heavy weight metal , but the result is darling . would be great for tiny `` garnish '' on a larger dessert , for a tea , or just because some people prefer small doses of good things !
i have ordered two of these from this vendor . both times the product was received almost a month after i ordered it . the product is nice and of good construction , but again if you need this in a hurry , choose another place because they dont know how to mail it right out
we love to cook and we have all the expensive stuff - we love nothing more than our cast iron and lodge makes great ones at decent prices .
i love these pieces . i plan on using them as decorative items when not being used to entertai
these are great knives , especially for the price . they are just like the pro-s line from henckels only are not hardened the same way . they are sharp . the chefs knife sliced a very ripe tomato straight out of the box . they have excellent weight and balance and the handles are comfortable . all in all , a great buy ! i ca n't believe i used dull knives for some many years when these wonderful and affordable knives were so accessible . definitely worth their weight in gold
plastic bowl seems like cheap plastic . the motor is great as it puree and chops
i received this coffeemaker as a christmas gift and was initially skeptical of the thermal carafe being able to make hot coffee and the basket-style filter . after using the maker for a week , i have to say my skepticism was unjustified . this machine makes great-tasting coffee that is as hot as i could want it . i never liked the `` cooked '' coffee that regular , glass-carafe makers produced - burned tasting after the first cup . the coffee from this machine is consistent from the first cup to the last . i fill the carafe with hot water , mill my beans and fill the reservoir , empty the carafe and enjoy . after two hours , the coffee was still hot . one great feature not highlighted is the front-fill aspect : kitchenaid designed the top with a channel to fill the reservoir by pouring the water from the front , right next to the filter . no more struggling to pour water in the back and see the water level . extremely convenient.i have to disagree with the previous reviewer - this machine makes ten 5-ounce cups . after reading the review , i double-checked the carafe capacity against my old krups machine : exactly 10 cups ; more than enough for our household . all in all , a great-looking , great-performing coffeemaker that meets kitchenaid 's high standards . i highly recommend it
this product is great . it helped me organize my closet space and my shoes fit perfectly in the slots
this was a lot of fun . its big and different from my golden 's other toys and it makes a really unusual sound , not a squeak but a honk , if you will.the problem came when my golden took to destroying it and eventually ripped out the honker . this is of course inevitable with these toys so be prepared to supervise your dog 's short playtimes with this toy and to mend it several times to extend its lifespan .
the price was excellent . ordering was quick and easy . delivery was prompt . the high quality of the muffin rings was matched by their performance in the kitchen . they performed flawlessly on my electric griddle .
the kitchen odors were getting very bad . we realized that the filter had never been changed . it is an old recirculating system over the stove . finding filters is for the birds . filters are all listed by a serial or code number . i think the psychology is that you use only the filter from the original manufacturer . after looking at many different types of filters , these seemed to be cutable-is that a word ? we did not need to cut , they fit into the nutone range hood perfectly . our nutone hood is so old that we could not find anything listed on the nutone site.so these fit , the house odor while cooking is diminished . what is not clear is how often they should be replaced . obviously when the smell gets worse , but i have no idea if 6 months or 6 years . will buy more , cheaper than a new hood
this toaster oven is perfect . i have had this oven for about 6 months and had enjoyed cooking meals in the summer months without heating up the entire house . i have even cooked a whole chicken in it . this oven cooks food evenly and i have had no problems with it at all . i highly recommend this product.update . i still have this toaster oven and use it almost everyday . i still absolutely love it and do n't understand why everyone else seems to have issues with it . i do n't know what i would do with out this oven . i have owned it for over 3 years and it still works perfect . i recently cooked a prime rib in it and it turned out fabulous
this scale is awesome , it works right out of the box ! i am so happy with it.this product is a lifesaver for people who are on a calorie-controlled diet or who are very health conscious.i recommend this to anyone who is dieting . you will surely reach your goals if you use this tool to keep to your daily calorie limit . it 's the best method of weight loss
i own dozens of wine glasses from the most expensive lead crystal to winery logo glasses . i also have a set of reidel vinum 's as well . i bought these for everyday/dishwasher use . wow ! both the red and white are wonderful ... i side by side taste tested ( glass to glass ) my chardonnay ( yes , mine ) and the white wine glass was way above average and perfect for everyday . frankly , white wine dose n't need a snifter glass as some do ... tip : it also helps to not fill the glass to the top and please do n't freeze the chardonnay !
the product is everything as described plus . it stores alot of laundry , and wheels easy
not to be bought if you want to hatch alot of baby brine shrimp ... but great if you want to hatch an occasional snack for your fish or to have around if the power goes out . nifty , easy to use product
the best thing about this foil cutter is the magnetic back - i had been looking for another one for 6 months ! we just love it
when trying to decide if this model ( 3670g ) was the right vacuum for me , i found a considerable amount of confusing information regarding it 's features on the internet..and from the manufacturer itself . first of all , many online retailers flat out state ( inaccurately ) that this model has a `` hepa '' ( high efficiency particulate air ) filter and at least one of the reviews for it here on amazon ( at least as of this writing ) seems to indicate that it has one as well . i can tell you outright that having checked with the manufacturer directly and now owning one myself that it does *not* have a `` hepa '' filter . more on that a little later in this review however.i found another confusing aspect of the description is in the model number ( i.e . 3670g ) . be careful to understand the difference between what amazon calls the 3670 ( also called the 3670a in some places ) and the 3670*g* models . they look identical and appear to be identical ( both are yellow and black ) however the 3670 only has a 9 amp motor and the 3670g has the larger , 12 amp motor . amazon carries both models and i almost ended up buying the smaller one thinking it was the same vacuum . for only about a $ 5- $ 10 difference in total price , i 'm not sure why the smaller version is even offered . it only seems to confuse the matter . the 3670 also does *not* have the `` hepa '' filter incidentally.i found the 3670g to be an excellent value however and am pleased with my purchase . it is compact , very powerful and great for my needs . the noise ... while high ... is quite tolerable and not at all excessive considering how well it cleans . the generously long cord wraps easily around the base for storage and while a retractable cord would have been extremely useful , not having one is a reasonable trade-off in keeping the price down . the blower port feature is very handy for cleaning my computer insides ( by blowing away dust without contacting electrical components as vacuuming would risk doing ) .the 3670g *does* require bags . it is not a `` bagless '' model however and while some may prefer a bagless model , i preferred a model that used bags . the bags are very easy to change on this model and not that much of an additional expense for what i consider to be the additional convenience ( of being able to easily remove and dispose of a bag ) .the only reason i gave this model 4 stars and not 5 was because i did not find the attachment brushes quite adequate . three attachment tools are included , a crevice tool , a 10 '' floor tool and a combination tool with a triangularly-shaped brush ( about 2 '' wide ) on the end . the combination tool also flips over to double as brushless pick-up ( 3 '' wide ) .in my opinion , this cleaner badly needs a mid-sized brush and/or pick up tool that is about 4-5 '' wide . the 2 '' wide combination tool brush does concentrate the suction into a small area for high power but being only 2 '' wide , i found that i simply had to move it much too frequently on larger surfaces ( such as a wall for example ) in order to cover the area needed . i would have rated this vacuum 5 stars if a brush about 4-5 '' wide had been included . as it is , i am searching for an optional brush that size to purchase extra . finally , a comment about the `` hepa '' filter . some people ( particularly those with allergies or who need extremely dust free air ) may want cleaners that include this item . in my case , i did not want this since i do n't need it and `` hepa '' filters can be quite expensive to change and replace ( unless you get a washable one ... also expensive ) . since many online descriptions i found were unclear whether the 3670g included this filter ( some descriptions flatly stated that it does ) , i found myself calling the eureka customer service number to find out for sure.it turned out that even eureka 's own customer service representative was unsure whether it contained the filter or not and had to take some considerable time to find out that it did n't have one . if you *do* want the `` hepa '' filter , you would want the 3684d ... which looks the same but is red in color , slightly more expensive , and has more and better quality attachments as well as the `` hepa '' filter . by the time you add in the cost of an optional additional attachment ( which i mentioned earlier that i think is needed on the 3670g ) , you are at the price of a 3684d . in that case , the 3684d may well be a better value for you , particularly if you like the `` hepa '' filter . overall , i think `` the boss '' series of canister vacuums is a great product . eureka ( and amazon as well ) needs to do a much better job of clarifying the differences between the particular models in the series however .
my wife loves rachael ray and was very excited to receive this cutting board set as a christmas gift
i 've gone through several fogless mirrors in the last 20 years and this one is simply the best . i owned one before made by z fogless and could not find a replacement when it was broken . i had tried many other brands and found them to cloud up soon after i got them . the z fogless is the best shower mirror and the price beat all the competition including ebay
i love my mogu doll this is the third one that i have purchased . i now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal mine now has her own
a few scratches on the wheels and here and there but looks new overall . it works like new . probably not a perfect vacuum but works well . parts are available if you need them . not a top of the line but neither is the price at $ 60- $ 70 with free shipping
this knife block is a must for any miracle blade 3 owner . it fits _all_ the knives in the original set plus the four bonus all purpose knives included with the block . holds 14 knives plus kitchen scissors in a neat , compact , counter saving block . it 's a perfect
i like a big mug of coffee , and the senseo coffee maker just does not have that much room under the spout . my tall mugs do n't fit , but these do perfectly . just a note for fellow senseo lovers
we recently purchased this kit to install on the top and bottom stairs with a kidco gate . it was very easy to install , its very sturdy and we did not have to drill any holes into our banister . we would definately recommend it to everyone
i needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom . sounds silly , but i love oatmeal and hate cleaning the pan afterwards . this cleans up easily and cooks evenly . i have used it for cooking rice , gravies and other foods that seem to stick and it always cleans up well . now , for the lid . there is a black band on the inside of the lid and it scrubed off one night recently . i sat down , wrote an email to the company and by the next day , they have a new lid on the way . they asked only where to send it , nothing else . i like companies that stand by the product they sell . so , if you are going to buy from this line , check that black band , it should be between the glass and the metal , not on the inside of the lid . if you have a problem with the product , always notify the manufacturer , they will almost always make it right , like calphalon did for me
i was searching for a speaker system with docking capabilities for my ipod video and boy did i find a nice one ! with the arched back speaker portion of the stereo , it provides a surround-sound like atmosphere . also it has quite a loud capacity for volume . i mean if you wanted to , you could really get it crankin ' . anyway , it charges your ipod for you just like the computer and it will accomadate any style ipod . the sound clarity is very crisp and clear . the only , tiny flaw , i could find in this fine piece of audio was that in between songs , a soft , high-pitched whine is sometimes incurred . however , once the song begins to play , this whine disapears immediately . i would strongly suggest purchasing this item if you would like a quality speaker system for a reasonable price
this product is very well-constructed . it is simple to use and easy to clean . i use it to cook brown rice and dry beans , and it has cut my cooking time down immeasurably . i have only had it a few months so far , and i have not been able to perfect the rice ( there always seems to be too much water left at the end ) , but i will keep reducing the amount of water until i have the perfect mix . i would highly recommend this pressure cooker to anyone , beginning cooks or seasoned culinary experts . i 'll certainly be sending one down to south carolina for mothers day
this bread tray is perfect plum ! ! the color is amazing , and the tray is so useful for so many things ! ! get several of these !
i have really nice dansk everyday dishes , but needed something lightweight and less breakable for frequent outdoor use . i have to admit , these dishes are really stylish ! they look great on the table , are very lightweight , stack very compactly and are a nice large size . the only thing keeping me from giving these dishes a 5 star rating is the bowls . they are small , and while they look really cool , the squareness makes them hard to get a spoon around . if you 're looking for bigger bowls for cereal , you could easily fill in your set with the standard white bowls that corelle makes . for salads , the square ones work just fine . a word of pricing caution : on amazon at this moment they are $ 69 a set . i bought mine for $ 49 per set at my local walmart
the casserole was exactly what my daughter wanted . it was priced right and came within a few days of odering . i am very pleased with this purchase
the one-touch pet gate 150 is excellent ! i matches my hardwood floor and is attractive . i especially like that the door swings both ways for easy accessibility
i am starting this collection for my mother . it is so adorable . i love that it can be dressed up or down
both my fiance and i are very pleased with this warming mattress pad . the dual settings work perfectly , and the variety of heating intensities are excellent . there is also extra emphasis on the feet -- a brilliant idea . well worth the cost , in my opinion
after reading some of the previous reviews about shipping damage i almost did n't order it . however , it arrived in great shape and the packing material was excellent . someone must have gotten sanyo 's attention on the quality of their packing material
if you like fondue ... .you 'll like raclette ... as much or even more . use your imagination ... do n't stick with what is traditional . you can use your raclette for desert , pizza , breakfast ... .and much more ! traditionally served with steamed red potatoes ... .this will satisfy the `` meat and potatoe '' man in the group . marinade the meat with different flavors ... to add some spice . do n't forget the vegetables ... .slice onion , red peppers , mushrooms , romas ... and even pineapple . it 's a great way to spend an evening with a couple of friends . extra trays are a good idea if you use your raclette a lot
the price went down from $ 6.95 to $ 3.95.it 's very nice looking , you will be pleased with it.approximately 13 and a half inch square.i was expecting a black cloth loop to hang it from , but the loop turned out to be the sewn in label.that 's okay
i purchased the ic70 ice crusher for my father for christmas who eats ice all day long . he loves it and pleased with its performance . i used it myself a couple of times and like it as well . i would recommend this product to anyone who wants crushed ice
i searched for a long time before i purchased this product and have not regretted my decision to buy . like all ice crushers it is a little noisy .
i looove this mug . its such a beautiful shade of red , very nice looking . also , these mugs are huge . one of mine already has a chip on it , but i 'll leave that to certain people in my house being very clumsy .
bought these not too long ago . i use them all of the time . they do a great job on towels , men 's under clothing , permanent press clothing , cleaning rags ( not microfiber , never soften those ) , etc . i find the drying time is a little less , the clothes do not tangle and they smell nice and clean . best of all -- -no chemicals . if you have clothes with a lot of static cling , then you can throw in maybe half a dryer sheet to reduce that problem . i love these `` little guys '' . recommend them to all and especially chemically sensitive folks
i 've lusted after a super auto for years . when i finally decided to get one , i did a fare amount of investigating . the gaggia titanium had the best spec 's for the price and good reviews . i decided to spend the extra money for the stainless unit . i have n't seen the painted plastic model so i ca n't comment on the appearance . i do think the stainless looks great ! you can find reviews of the non-stainless here on amazon and other than the outside appearance , the device is the same . i 've only had the unit for a few days but so far , i 'm very happy . to the negatives first . the manual is awful ! it 's not just the italian to english translation ! the text is skimpy and the illustrations not so great . i spent a fair amount of time making sure i understood how to setup and use the unit . i 'm pretty technically savvy and in the end , i figured it all out . but do n't rush into using this product until you 've figured out how to set it up , clean it and adjust all the settings ( there are many ) .the only issue i 've had is whereby the auto bean grinder thinks it 's empty when it 's not . open the lid ( which could be a bit better designed ) and stir and it works . could be the beans i 'm using not sure . it 's an intermittent issue . the good stuff : once you figure out the coffee strength and grind , the gaggia makes a delicious cup . i wish the brew were a tad hotter ( i have it set to max ) but using the cup warmer helps . no issues making froth with the wand ; much better than the older manual machine i had . you ca n't put a huge mug under the unit ( the max size is 4.5 inches ) but its so easy to make a cup you just make fresh when needed . you can set the unit for the amount of brew . however , i found that clicking the `` large coffee '' button twice , the unit thinks it 's making 2 cups and that just about fills a decent size mug . it 's much stronger too since the unit grinds two doses of coffee instead of just adding more hot water using the programmable size . you get a nice foam on top and as i said , the coffee is outstanding . i love the clean up ( or lack of ) compared to the drip maker i had ( a bodum vacuum unit ) . i still have that unit should i need to make a lot of coffee for company . but for the two mugs i drink in the morning , the gaggia easily replaces this unit . and there 's far less cleanup . the grinds sit in a canister and after a few days , you just tap it out into the trash and maybe rinse . so , you can use this gaggia to replace a conventional coffee machine as long as you 're making a cup or two . what i love is just pressing a button twice ( for two large coffees ) and walking away from the unit . a minute later , a great cup of joe . it truly is super automatic . i have the unit set for energy savor whereby it 's in a kind of sleep mode a few hours after i use it . i only drink in the morning . however , if you decide to `` wake it up '' , it heats up in about 2 minutes . it also does a rinse cycle so i keep a small glass under the unit so it can clean itself and rinse out about 3oz of water . there is a little pan under which would catch the water but then you have to toss it out ever few days . there 's also a `` full rinse '' cycle that thoroughly cleans out the unit and uses about half the water in the reservoir . it 's a menu item so do n't select it unless you really want to do this ( takes about 5 minutes and a lot of water goes into the catch pan or several cups if you so desire ) . yes it cost big bucks but as long as it works well for years and keeps its great looks , i 'm very happy . update . the issue with the grinder was the beans ( too oily ) . i called the ny office and got someone in `` tech support '' in minutes . she knew her product . sure enough , the inside of the grinder area was super oily making it hard for the beans to fall into the grinder area .
first one that i have purchased and it is extremely wonderful in the weight content as well as keeping us warm without feeling smothere
a little disappointing . we have several cuisinart products including a food processor that we 've had for umpteen years and still works like new . we also have 4 cuisinart pans or skillets with the same comment . the toaster toasts but not a lot better than the cheapo toaster that we replaced . we 've only used it a few times so maybe it will be better once we get used to it
works just fine for my needs ... i use it to press my 'wrinkle-free ' dockers . the water container for the steam is a bit awkward to fill . . . but once it is filled it lasts a good long time . heavy duty , well-constructed , dependable unit . first package 'disappeared ' at ups . when they shipped the first machine , it was evidently damaged and returned back to amazon by ups . ( probably due to the thin cardboard used for packing ) the replacement shipment arrived just fine , and , as always amazon customer service very helpful on shipping replacement while first package was still 'lost '
this vase is beautiful . i 'm considering purchasing the matching hostess pieces to complete the set
good fabric and nice size . great for the price , free
i read a few not so favorable reviews , mostly stemming from problematic attachment of the stand ( which mine does not suffer ) , but i decided to order it anyway , figuring the potential upside eclipses any issues with the stand ( you can also wall mount it ) . well it has paid off , as the magnets work as promised , the tines stay sealed tight , and the tops rotate to open two different sized outlets for the spices . i pitched the included spices and filled it with my own . as for labels , there are many clear preprinted labels available for purchase here or elsewhere to accommodate your own spices . i honestly have never seen a better designed spice rack , and it has worked beautifully
i 've had my juicer now for about 3 years , and i have n't had any problems with it . in fact , after having had several juicers , this one is my favorite in the price range . i also do n't understand the customer service problems . one of the rubber feet on the bottom split , and i called customer service . a week later i had four new ones in the mail ! pros - much quieter than most juicers of its type . as well , i did a side by side comparison with my buddie 's juiceman juicer , and my yield was approximately 30 % greater.cons - as with any other similar juicer , cleaning it gets old . that 's probably the only think that keeps me from using it multiple times/day
just a word of advice : if your dog is used to playing tug of war with a rope they will easily pick this toy up . if they are n't , it probably is not the toy for your dog . at first , my chocolate lab was a little leery because he never had a bottle as a toy . it took a couple days of playing tug of war and leaving the tug a jug on the floor before he really knew it was `` his '' . once i finally got him used to realizing it was his own , he saw me put his kibble in it . then it took a little bit before he was able to figure out how to work it . granted , the interactive part is you helping your dog realize the toy 's value . now , it is something that can occupy him for 20-25 minutes . he 'll do anything for treats . although , i 'm not sure that he really , really likes it but he focuses in on it until every kibble disappears . i think that it is good for him and makes him do something different to get treats . i like interactive toys : ) on the other hand , our little dog , still does n't know how to get the treats out or how to use this toy . just a guess , he probably never will figure it out . so , some dogs will take to it , and others will look at you like you 're crazy for giving them a toy that does n't squeak
i really like this kitchen gadget as it different , actually useful , and my hands smell less like garlic . thus far , i have only used it to chop herbs , onions , and garlic so i ca n't debunk the mush mess . i would simply say , do n't pull the cord a lot if you 're worried about it.i bought about 5 and gave them all out as x-mas gifts
i have n't used this for herbs but i have used it for onions and garlic and , like the other reviewers , found it very handy for quick and tear-free mincing . it 's a very simple design and holds more food than you would expect . i love that it 's only 3 small parts ( 4 if you count the rubber blade ) that all fit easily into the dishwasher ( top rack ) .
i bought this for my 2 dogs & it works great & cleans up easily ! the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of five is because of it 's large size it makes it really hard to fill it up inside your home . it does n't fit under my kitchen sink faucet . i do n't have one of those tall neck faucets or a sprayer ( wish i did ) ) otherwise it would be a snap to fill . i have to use my bathtub to fill it up and my bathtub is upstairs . the container is really heavy once it 's full . my only suggestion would be to purchase a smaller one ( 2 gallon or 1 gallon ) , waterer . it would be easier to handle . i also bought the 5 gallon feeder & i love it ! it holds a whole 5lb . bag of food which is great ! so get the larger feeder & the smaller waterer . oh and my dogs love the gurgling sound the water makes after they drink out of it ! :
i highly recommend the spiegelau authentis line for value and beauty . these glasses truly do enhance the experience of the wine and are priced so that you can enjoy them every day . while a delicate and beautiful showcase for wine , they are also sturdy enough to stand up to being used ( and washed ! ) on a regular basis . if you are looking to amp up you wine drinking experience , give these a try
best price i have ever seen for this product , and free shipping to boot !
great product , very soft . save my expensive mattress from my son 's mishaps several time already . however , one of the stain got though , perhaps it 's not 100 % water proof..
nice little toaster with good price . just be careful it can get really hot when toasting .
not fancy . but it does the basic jobs well . minor concern - better at baking than toasting . toasting takes a little too long and is not totally uniform . but for the price this machine ca n't be beat .
i love going to other peoples party 's and sharing a few drinks , but never had a good way to carry to bottles of bubbly or other drink of choice before this product . i purchased an orange one last year , and like it so much i 'm giving them as gifts this holiday season . they fit almost any round or squire 750ml bottle ( absolute , sky , captain , jose cuervo , bushmills ) . however oddly shaped bottles a bit of a tight fit , like baileys
i received this as a christmas gift . i 've used it to carry wine to parties and even onto an airplane . i had a tote large enough for this to fit into when it contained two bottles . i found that it is just enough protection to keep the bottles fron clinking without adding extra weight when you 're flying . it 's the best way i 've ever known for carrying wine bottles anywhere
i have made 3 batches with it and everyone has come out perfect . just add the mix water and a packet of brewers yeast and even a small packet of baking yeast will work . its easy no mess and you dont need to add any sugar unlike its lower priced ugly cousin mr beer . the only recomenation i have is when you pour half of it with water then add the mix stir it untill almost disolved then add more water . make sure its alittle warmer then room tempature . alot of it will disolve . then add the yeast and wait about 5 days then put it in the fridge for 10 and it will be perfect
this is a nice product . it gets the job done . i have to disagree with the one reviewer . the description plainly states that the board is made of polyethylene . the midnight granite signifies the color.for $ 9.99 , 14x17 is a great price
it 's a wonderful cutting board ( also available at the store ) i 'm a bartender and chef and can honestly say this is something i 've found very useful . any good chef knows you need two cutting boards one wood and one of a polyethylene or resistant plastic . this one really lives up to the description and works well for mulitple tasks . the $ 9.99 price tag is n't bad at all for the cutting size and it hides the knife marks very well . that , and it just looks great in the kitchen . i use boards like this in my restaurant all the time and would n't go without them . do n't listen to the idiot who thought he could buy a 14 x 17 solid granite cutting board for ten bucks , not that a rock cutting board is worth anything as it would ruin your knives . fyi to the moron - & amp ; quot ; protect your countertops from scratches with these lightweight , tough , polyethylene cutting boards. & amp ; quot ; yah , nothing at all ... dimwit
the franciscan apple dinnerware covered sugar bowl is a perfect match for the franciscan apple creamer . you can keep granulated sugar or sugar cubes in this bowl . mine is in constant use for the coffee and tea drinkers as well as for those who like a bit of sugar on their morning cereal or grapefruit half . a must-have for the franciscan apple collector
i really like having this . it 's odor free and easy to use . yes , you have to empty the bags and that takes time , but it 's worth it . i have found refills at walmart , petsmart and petco . so they have n't been hard to find
they worked so well . we decided to have a themed drink for our superbowl party this year . it was in miami so we went for pink flamingos and palm trees . we served cubano sandwiches and mojito cocktails . the mojito 's were a hit . we set up a `` mojito education station '' on our computer playing the bacardi mojito video , then we had a station set up with mint , sugar , rum , lime wedes , ice and soda water . this muddle was an excellent purchase . it did the job efficiently and well . even mojito novices got the hang of it easily . great buy and good luc
i 'm please with my coat rack . i have several heavy jackets on it and it 's sturdy as well as attractive . i would recommend it , especially at the price
i purchased this coat rack as a replacement for one that was similar in color and style because it had broken . i could n't be happier with the product i received and i am sure that it will last just as long as the other one that i had . a great buy
this was very easy to put together and it holds a lot of coats . great product at a great price
it is hard to find spoons for tall drinks . these are excellent quality- nice heft and good looking as well . highly recommend
this little franciscan apple dinnerware creamer is so beautifully made . there is a matching sugar bowl and lid , too . i do not use mine to hold cream or half-and-half on an everyday basis because i would have to keep it covered with saran wrap so the liquid would not absorb any refrigerator odors . however , i do love to use it when i use my franciscan apple coffepot or when entertaining at a dinner party . there is also a small milk jug , and there are two other larger pitchers in the apple pattern . i have also used the apple creamer as a server for sauces
i am very pleased with this product . the atelier wash is soft , absorbent and looks good after laundry . i have always found the martex brand to be top quality .
i purchased these to use with my steamfast mop . they are machine washable and fit fine even after being thrown in the dryer . perhaps the steamfast head is slightly smaller than the bissell ... i do n't know about that but they fit well on it . they are sturdy and well made .
this steam mop was the best idea bissell came up with . i have three small kids and the steam mop cleans up all the mess in no time at all . it 's so easy to use even the kids like to mop the floors . the only complaint i have is that the pads are hard to get on . i have broke a few nails doing this , it would be nice if they came up with an easier way to do this
i just received this wine tower the other day . it looks as wonderful in my home as it does in the picture . it 's perfect for our needs and takes up so little space . the only complaint i have , and why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 , it was a pain for my husband to put together . also , it came with 2 bottom shelves , instead of one bottom and one top ... he had to improvise until i can get this corrected with the manufacturer . ( fortunately , it 's not noticeable ) in spite of this , i recommend this wine tower for anyone wanting an expensive looking wine tower that is so space efficient at this price . i 've already gotten compliments on it from friends .
there was no dimensions on the description so i took a chance . it was a bit smaller than i thought ( about 2.5 '' cubic ) , but that happens to work out perfectly for my purposes . it is lovely , and the color really adds to the kitchen . my guests all loved it
it does exactly what it says . state of the art cutlery , cutting vegetables becomes a pleasure . it is stunning the precision of this knife ; you set it on the food push it and goes down the exact direction intended . it did not go 1/1000 of an inch to left or to the right . i used it for onion , and let me tell you ; never in my life was so easy , at the end the onion was so small chopped . it felt like i was cutting air . i even bought a kitchen electric chopper precisely to use it for cutting onions . i do not need it anymore . the design it is so sleek and elegant ! i felt in love with it only by seeing it on the picture , after a research on the internet i bought it and i am not sorry . i got tired to try and replace knives . definitely , i will buy the shun set . i highly recommended , like no other product !
i 've had this pot for over a year and love it . fast , hot , great tasting coffee which stays hot and fresh for a long time . i bought it after my last electric perk had died at age 10 years because i loved the looks of it , and there were limited choices at the brick-and-mortars . i read all the reviews only after i bought it . the reviewers ' major complaint is about the plastic knob cracking . yes , the plastic knob is poorly-designed and is the only reason i give this pot 4 stars instead of 5 . the designer should have known that users would take the lid off the pot by using the knob . however , it is completely possible to remove the lid without touching the knob at all . just pop the lid by pushing in and up near where the lid meets the pot . this is what i 've been doing since i bought the pot and i 've had absolutely no problems with the knob . it 's unlikely you 'll need to remove the lid while the coffee is still hot , so you can avoid burned fingertips . a secondary complaint is about grounds in the coffee . i 've never had this problem ; i suspect users who have are either not careful when spooning the coffee into the basket , or they are using the wrong grind . it 's important with any percolator to use a percolator grind , or `` fac '' 'for all coffeemakers ' grind .
i left my old pressure cooker ( a tefal made of steel ) in storage in another state and i was dying to have a new one . i bought this because the price was great and the description seemed to make this set attractive and i 'm very glad i did . both pots ( the large and the smaller ) fit the pressure lid so it 's like having two pressure cookers instead of one . one night i cooked lamb in the small pot and in 20 minutes i had a very nice and super tender meal and the next day i made beef broth with the large cooker so that i could freeze it and pull it out anytime i want it . i 'm very satisfied with this product , it looks great , it 's very efficient and it 's very strong and durable . the set also comes with a cooking book containing easy recipes of all kinds , from main courses to desserts and even a table with cooking time for many items
overall this is a very nice item . i have been using it to make mojitos and it works wonderfully . the only negative thing i have to say about it is the handle could be longer .
very good rice cooker . the steam function is very useful for such a lazy student like me . i can cook the rice and steam my food at the same time . i used it for almost a month but still working functionally . highly recommended if you dun wan na pay too much for a useful rice cooker
these are nice to keep a martini cold , but they 're a bit large .
a beautiful pan from kitchenaid . i use it for everything and the lid is a big bonus . think of it as a 10 '' skillet you use everyday , which can also go into the oven , and also be used for serving . quality and heft is better than all clad
there is n't a lot to say about this , other than this pan demonstrates the kitchenaid high quality that one would expect from kitchenaid . it 's extremely well made and of very high quality
i am very pleased with this mixer . it is just as i requested . received in excellent condition . the performance reaches all of my expectations in a kitchenaid appliance .
these are great and match the duvet cover wonderfully . i am very pleased with my purchase !
this coat rack is simple and sturdy . it has several pegs for longer coats at the top and below are ones just the right height for my daughter to reach . it can handle many coats and other items you toss on it without falling over . color is nice although we usually see little of it .
the coat rack works wonderful for us , we hang our robes ( tend to be thick and heavy ) before going into the hot tub . it was very easy to assemble , lightweight , yet it holds the robesas one expects a coat rack to do . i do n't understand the reviews that indicated difficulty assembling or trouble with its stability , none of that is the case for us .
we are very pleased with the quality of this couch . the leather is soft , but durable , the craftsmanship is excellent , and it is very attractive . also , the delivery was exceptionally fast . we highly recommend this product
we have been looking for a reasonable priced armoire for a while . this piece is very sturdy and adds so much elegance to our living room . the instructions for assembly were easy to follow , however it did take my husband and i about 4 hours to put it together . it is well worth the time and money we put into it . i love it ! ! !
i bought this vacuum to use in the bathroom which i share with my cat 's kitty litter box . it sits in the corner and after i clean her box i just sweep the spilled litter over to the vac and voom ... all gone
i bought this because it was on sale and i wanted to try it . now i want to kick myself for not getting it sooner . this is a gaget worth having . my husband even loves it . it makes sweeping up after 5 kids and a dog a breeze . it gets plenty of use and it still going strong . it is very user friendly and so easy to empty .
this is my second panasonic and i love it . it is simple to use and does a great job
this set is so versatile . i bought these because i own the red le creuset cookware and they matched them . i thought that i would never use them and they would collect dust in the cupboard , but the longer i own them the more uses i find for them ! great for appetizer containers , for making mini casseroles ( or quiches ) , creme brulee , serving soup , i 've even baked mini bread loaves in them ! the only recommendation i have is to buy two sets -- i usually end up using four at a time instead of two .
fiestaware rocks ! the turquoise place setting is beautiful ... it is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com ... fiestaware is functional , calssic and fun- i love to mix and match the colors and the 5 piece place settings are great for this . i highly recommend mixing and matching fiestaware . i mix up colors that you would n't normally expect to go together and they usually look great
i had all but given up hope on electric can openers until i bought this one . you can tell when you pick it up that it 's of good quality ( not cheap , plastic junk ) . the removeable head is also very solid/heavy duty , and washes easily in the dishwasher . the black and chrome design looks very stylish on my kitchen counter , as well . i 'm a believer again in electric can openers
have to disagree with the other reviewer here ... i purchased a baby biorb recently for my new betta , after having my first betta living in an airless bowl for a couple years . i simply got tired of cleaning a stinky bowl every week . as a result , i went shoppin for a new tank with a bubbler and filter system and found the baby biorb . while i agree that the maintence costs are significant at $ 132/ year ( if you need to change a filter every 4 weeks ) , the costs balance with ease of maintenance . personally , my experience with cleaning the baby biorb was a snap with the optional suction hose . took me fifteen minutes to clean the tank , drain the grimey water and add new water . could n't have been much easier . and , i am not sure how anyone could have a problem swapping filter cartriges unless they have motor skills issues.i also built a noise dampening box for the air pump - my only real complaint is that the `` whisper quiet '' pump sounds like a mini jackhammer after about five minutes.great product and looks awesome .
i bought this to cover the disintegrating cover currently on my futon . it 's a beautiful print , and a good color that matches my drapes , but what i did n't quite understand at the time i bought it was that it 's also just one big piece of fabric . no fitted edges , or elastic to hold it in place - kind of disappointing . but since i was covering a futon , i was able to tuck it around the mattress where it folds , shove a wooden dowel into the crease , and voila ! a great looking couch appeared.so , all things considered , a pretty good buy for the money
i own reidel as well as spieglau . the differences are slight . the spieglau have a very nice tulip shape and the heft/feel to them is very good . and , given the price , if i break one i do n't get upset as i would with a reidel . no wonder reidel bought the company . i recommend the spieglau to anyone looking for an attractive , well made glass , at a moderate price . anything that helps you enjoy the champagne a little more , as these do , deserve to be recommended
this is a great product . very quick to heat and i enjoy the dettachable base feature . the cons include a limited amount to pour water into the unit ( the lid does n't pop up very far ) and some of the finish does n't do great with steam . overall a good buy
i like it very much . kettle is in a good working condition and it looks good in a kitchen with all stainless steel appliances . i would recomend to purchase this kettle as a good quality item .
i forgot the toy needed a battery so for the first few days my cats played with it without the bird moving around in circles , but mostly they ignored it . when i got the battery , and the bird started moving , my two older cats were n't impressed , but my youngest ( about 1 1/2 years ) went crazy . it 's pretty funny watching her with the toy ; she can get fairly worked up attempting to take out the bird . it 's also entertaining when she 's finished playing ; she has a tendency to walk away from it too slowly , which means she is hit in the backside by the bird . naturally , this starts the fight with the bird all over again . i 'm pretty sure the other cats will play with it as well , but even if it 's just the kitten , it 's worth the money
we have 2 airedale terriers ( 55-lb dogs ) and 2 cats . i originally bought a scat-mat as a deterrent to the cats , but it has since become a dog deterrent . one of our dogs has a tendency to knock over the gate to the kitchen and get into the trash while we 're not at home . this is the only deterrent that has proven effective . it keeps her from being able to work on the gate long enough to get it down ( as she 'll keep getting shocked if she stands there ) .i feel comfortable using the product , as i have been shocked by it many times myself ( generally i step on it by accident in the middle of the night ) . make no mistake , it hurts , and you do n't want to have it happen , but it certainly is n't bad enough that i feel cruel using it.this is my second scat mat , as the other one stopped working . because of that , i 'm a bit concerned about the durability , especially considering the cost . that said , however , the design of this model is a vast improvement over the last ( no wires going to the battery that may become detached ) , so i am hopeful that this one will last longer . either way , however , it has saved me enough hassle to be well worth the money .
i love this honey pot ; the design is dainty but the pot itself is really good-sized . a beautiful accompaniment to the matching tea set
i received this set packed very well , no scratches , no broken pieces so i have no complaints . the color is beautiful and the dishes are durable .
this is a countertop friendly , cordless espresso maker that makes great coffee when you use an espresso grind for the coffee . the auto shut-off makes it foolproof , and it is made of stainless steel , so no off tastes . i think it is great
love the soup bowls . they live up to the usual fiestaware quality as all of the other products from fiestaware . so pick your color and enjoy
ive now owned my z5 for about 2 months , and it is fun , weve already gone through a cleary water filter . our favorite thing about the machine is the frother we normally drink capucinos and oh my is this easy , and its fully programmable . i bought 2 extra milk carafes for chocolate milk and eggnog and i have solved the souring problem by adding about 25 percent ice cubes to each thermos , as the ice melts it waters down the milks which make for a better froth , dont try to use too thick a milk like eggnog it may not pull it through the siphon , water it down or add skim for a really nice froth . i also own a manual breville which i really love for those real expensive gourmet coffees that make a single perfect shot of espresso , but i still use the frother on the jura becuase its perfect everytime . so far the jura makes a better espresso for me then i can make manually so i have started grinding my expensive coffees with a burr grinder and having the jura make it for me . i love technology that allows me to enjoy coffee that only an expert could make in the past . i should have given it 5 stars but we use it so much we run it out of water and although it has the largest tank in its class its still too small , if they make a wider model that has a tank on both sides , i would buy it
after spending $ 5- $ 10 a day at starbucks , my wife and i got the jura-capresso for the convenience of a fully automatic machine and having fresh latte 's at home in the morning.we have used it for over 3 months now , and like it more and more each week . the espresso , latte 's , and cappucino 's are wonderful , having to touch one button to have everything done at once is so easy , but perhaps the best part is the self cleaning it does . about once a week you clean out a tray and refill the water ... that 's pretty much it ! desserts like affogato ( espresso on top of ice cream ) are a just too easy to make now ! downsides : -if you ever plan to reduce your caffeine consumption , this machine is not for you . my wife and i both drink more coffee now because it is so good and so convenient.-if you like really hot latte 's the steamed milk wo n't get hot enough . i 'd call it very warm or slightly hot . just right for drinking but by the end it can be kind of cool . warm up the glass with the hot water option before fixes the problem . espresso , coffee , and even cappucino 's come out at a perfect temperature
i recommend this product . it is excellent quality . very quiet when running and has lots of power
i love this little coffee maker . i have always been partial to the stovetop espresso makers but i have never been very comfortable brewing or cooking with aluminum . this maker is made from stainless steel , which is more expensive , but for me it 's worth it ( as it will probably last a lifetime . ) it makes a very good cup of coffee and i 'm very happy with it.also , the customer service at the company that ships it out is excellent
i have had many different kinds of wine openers ... screwpull , rabbits etc ... and nothing compares to the ease of this cork pop ! i have the `` legacy '' version . nice looking and takes less than 10 seconds to remove the foil and open the bottle ... no kidding ( okay ... i have n't really timed it ... ) . this would be great for someone with arthritic hands as there is no pulling or tugging involved ... not even to remove the cork from the opener ... just twist and the cork is removed . it is really the most amazing opener ever ! the only downside i can think of is you will have to have cartridge refills eventually ... i received mine about a month ago and have opened about 15 bottles of wine and still have plenty of `` juice '' left in the cartridge . awesome
started using these for a puppy , since i work irregular shifts . purchased a pad holder to stop her from shredding it . works great . no leaky messes and very little smell .
it 's true , you have to put the whole silly thing together yourself . but that is why it is the price it is . once put together , it is lightweight and easy to move to where you want it . i recommend putting it together on a hard surface . we used a piece of plywood . when you try to put it together on carpet , the mallet does n't enough force to make it work right
for the price these bath sheets are great ! very soft and plush . exactly what i was expecting
it is thicker than other bed pads , but not as thick as i expected . quite cushy and comfortable to sleep on . easy to put on the bed .
this is pretty in a rough casual sketched style . this will require ironing out of the dryer .
i bought one like this several years ago . my pantry has a deep cabinet and only two shelves , so buying several more has really improved the way my canned goods and other items are stored in it now . can easily see what i 've got
this is the best book light ever . my only issue is the battery life , but i fall asleep and leave it on all night sometimes . the pages are illuminated very well and it 's easy to use . makes a great book mark , too . do n't let what i said about the batteries influence you not to buy . i have both sizes . i 'm rough on them and i 've had no problems .
i like the fact that it included diff sized containers , and 2 of those were tumblers with handles to boot . i have read reviews where people have burned out their motors , and i will have to say that , yes , it 's possible , but only if you did n't follow the directions . the manual indicated a recommended time of usage so you should be patient , expect to shake things up once in a while between blends , and this unit should last you at least a year : d i think some people have the wrong expectation that you can just turn on the switch and leave the unit alone to do it 's thang . gee , if that was the case , i 'd let my car drive me on auto pilot .
these are simply beautiful glasses . they are every bit as elegant as reidel , but cost much less . the glass is thin , the shape is elegant , they hold up well in washing . i recommend them
i have been purchasing water at my supermarket and was spending more than $ 30 a month ! after we purchased this water filter , i can tell there 's little difference between the water i buy at the store and the water from this filter . i also feel confident if my daughters drink it because i know they 're not getting all of the bacteria and other hurtful chemicals and minerals present in tab water ! i recommend this filter .
i have a beagle/basset hound mix , who as you can guess used to bark all the time . after only using product for a coupld of says there is a vast improvement . he does not even have to wear it all the time now . there is a lot more peace and quite at my house since i purchased this product . it saved my sanity
i really like these glasses . the glass really does make a difference -- sometimes . i 'll probably next purchase their `` red '' glasses
i am a sous chef and i use this knife to break down everything from shell steak to veal chops , and i love it . i also like the flexibility of the blade . it holds an edge very well , with minimum touch ups . overall i am very happy with the wusthof line.edit 4/6/05 : still using it , still like new , almost 3 years of almost daily use later . ca n't beat wusthof
this is wonderful . the best laundry basket ever used
this little gadget is simple & cheap but you 'd have to spend a lot more money to get a cup of coffee out of an electric coffee maker of the quality you get using this . get some really high quality coffee beans , grind'em at home , use about one and a half scoops into your paper filter ( using a small gevalia-type scoop ) , take about 3 minutes ( or less ) to slowly pour your boiling water over the coffee grounds and you 'll have a truly satisfying cup of hot coffee , right up there with french press quality of flavor , but hotter . i 've used the same beans in my krups moka brew and they tasted awful then made the coffee using this , and it made a really flavorful cup of coffee . highly recommended you try this before spending beaucoups of dollars on the high-end coffee brewers . of course , if you 're serving/entertaining folks , you 'll need your standard coffee brewer but for making great , restaurant-quality coffee one cup at at time , this is a nice little product to have .
i purchased the eureka filter bags with the eureka upright boss 4870gz for my mom . she loves them both . the cord is really long on the vacuum which makes it easy to do several rooms at a time . she lives in a one level ranch so she does not have to go up steps with it , because she does find it a bit heavy . beware the vacuum had to be assembled upon arrival . i live out of state and she had to get another relative to help her assemble it . the add never mentioned that small detail ! someone over 65 should not have to assemble a gift vacuum ! i bought the hoover wind tunnel 2 years ago , for myself and it 's a peice of garbage . the lever to keep it upright broke , the attachments fall off the hose when in use and everthing gets tangled on the roller ! i am thinking about purchasing the eureka soon , for myself ! i reccomend it
as stated before in many a review , this machine is the best deal for the money . paired with a real espresso grinder ( which will unfortunately cost more than the machine itself ) this machine is capable of producing real espresso . my father bought this for me for my birthday back in december , and the machine is still in working condition.my only real beef with this machine is the wand . i can live with the lack of flexibility of where you can put the pitcher , however , the black turbo frother and the piece that holds it onto the wand fall off . right into my milk . i have taken to using the wand without either of them on , but this is n't optimum for latte foam . the only other thing that bothers me is that i have to hold the machine still to put the portafilter back inside the grouphead . this is simply due to the lightweight plastic casing . but i 'd rather hold the machine down than have to pay an extra $ 300 for something in stainless steel . all in all , the machine saves me about 3 bucks every time i use it . woohoo . - by zoe ros , not tim .
i have only had it for a few days , but moving up from a krups pump system with only 1050w of heating , this unit rocks ! it used to take me about 10 minutes to make a latte with the krups , as it took forever to heat uo and never made enough steam.this unit heats very fast and makes fantastic steam for the frother , which works fantastic , minus the complaint everyone has , the frother is way to low to the ground , they fixed this with the evolution model.watch the video ! the tamping and normal uses need to be followed very closely . i have to use the perfect crema device to make crema , which it does great.this unit also can be used to heat water for tea in like 2 mins , which is pretty cool . you just fire up the unit . wait till it heats , then flip the espresso switch , not the steam switch , with the steam adjuster already open , then hot water comes from the frother and boom ... tea ! the drip tray is worthless , and is supposedly fixed in the evolution model.but for $ 200 this machine is amazing ... very professional level equipment.the abs shell is pretty flimsy , but if it stays on the counter , which mine does , it will be fine ... i do n't need to spend another $ 300 for the stainless model ... even though i would if i has a nicer kitchen just so it matched ... ( i rent but still have really nice appliances ) .
i got this gift from my husband i love the machine it so easy to use . i read so many other and i was afraid i was not going to get the machine and go buy my normal coffee but i bought the coffe , syrups and much more just to make them like the coffee shop was easy . the only thing i do n't like is the height of th cup area or the noise . i had to go purchase other cups and them dump it into my bigger cups . they do offer you to buy a attachment for the bigger cups .
this is wonderful . i have arthritis and my sister got the litter maid , but that ended up having to be scooped on a regular basis which was hard on me . i actually enjoy working with this . the only drawback is sometimes smaller clumps of litter can get stuck below the drawer , but using really good litter , and not too much of it stops that . i told my sister she should replace her own litter maid with this
the pillow was in the manuracturer 's box , in brand-new packing and condition , and was delivered right on schedule
this was my third foil cutter in one month . the other two were flimsy but cost about the same . they each broke in about two weeks . i have had this one for five months and it is n't broken yet
this is a lovely little crockpot whose small size makes it uniquely useful for a number of purposes . i 've owned larger crockpots for a couple decades ( currently a 6 quart rival smartcooker is my mainstay for preparing family-size meals ) , but the larger pots take up a significant amount of counter space & are n't at all useful for heating or re-heating small quantities . this little crockpot , however , is perfect for heating or re-heating 2-4 servings of soup or stew . i originally bought it , however , because it is *absolutely perfect* for making hot cereal on cold mornings , especially those hot cereals that require more than a few minutes of cooking in the microwave or on the stovetop , such as steel-cut oatmeal ( try the nutty goodness of traditional steel-cut oatmeal once ( also available here at amazon ) & you 're unlikely ever to return to instant or `` quick cook '' oatmeal again ) . there is nothing nicer on a cold winter morning than walking into the kitchen & knowing that a healthy , delicious hot breakfast is awaiting you . from mid-october to late-march , virtually every night i prepare my entire family 's hot breakfast cereal for the next morning in this little crockpot , with no more effort than is required to make single serving of instant oatmeal or cream of wheat in the microwave.other uses we 've discovered : it 's perfect for making & serving hot mulled cider ; keeping hot dips , gravies & warm sauces & syrups heated on the buffet ; as a substitute fondue pot ; & for heating soup at times when hovering over a stovetop or near a microwave would be incovenient ( how nice to come inside from raking leaves or shoveling snow to a hot bowl of soup ! ) . for single people or couples who prefer not to cook in large quantities or apartment dwellers with limited storage space , this crockpot would be a very acceptable slow cooker , especially if used in conjunction with rival 's inexpensive sp100-pdq smart-part module ( also sold on amazon as of the date of this review ) , which provides the same timed-cooking controls that are integrated with many of rival 's larger , more expensive crockpots.the energy used is minimal , too -- only 80 watts -- & the stoneware bowl fits easily in the dishwasher , as does the lid , for very convenient clean-up
i bought this set for three times for serving 12 people ! i also bought a lot of the additional to the set for my whole kitchen . great investment ! i love the feel of these dishes . very nice smooth feel but all the bowls look slightly different , the slight inconsistancys make you feel like you have a set of hand-made set !
when i adopted a cat a couple of weeks ago , two of my good friends highly recommended fresh step premium clay cat litter . here 's why -- this fresh step premium clay cat litter is excellent for your favorite kitty 's litter box . the company states that it is very good at absorbing odors -- and , by golly , it 's true ! the odors are minimal at the very most and it is quite comfortable even for my rather sensitive cat . moreover , i really like how the litter has the capacity to absorb and prevent odor causing bacteria in the litter before my cat even uses his litter box . that 's a plus for any cat lover ! if you have more than one cat the manufacturer does recommend , not surprisingly , that you use more cat litter in the box . otherwise , if you have just one cat , two or three inches worth of this cat litter spread about evenly throughout the empty litter box will do fine . you should change the entire litter box once a week on average . ( i change mine about twice a week just for my cat 's comfort . ) it 's also a good idea to scoop out any `` kitty remains '' every other day or so . be very certain not to flush any `` kitty presents '' down the toilet as the manufacturer warns against this . i suppose it could clog toilet pipes . moreover , as you may suspect , any `` kitty leftovers '' could have some nasty germs that we do n't want so wash your hands really carefully after you clean the box or even after you just remove any `` kitty presents '' with a scooper.the fact that this is clay litter helps because you can use a very inexpensive litter scooper to remove any `` kitty presents , '' thus reducing the number the times you need to change the entire kitty litter box . nevertheless , i recommend changing the entire litter box at least once a week . place the contents of the used litter box into a trash bag and discard as you would any other garbage.in short , this is a great cat litter product at a great price . the contents of the bag last a long time , especially if , like me , you have only one cat . the manufacturer also offers customers ( us , not the cats ) an `` awards '' program with points that you can accumulate in your `` account '' with the company on the company internet website . a nice plus ! ok , fresh step -- i thank you ; my father and mother thank you ; and , most importantly , my cat says thank you ! ! ! smiles
now , i do n't know whether you are a die-hard hello kitty fan or not , but you got ta have this ! the numerous different settings , the awesome design , and the fact that it 's hello kitty makes it worth it 's weight in gold . i had been looking for one of these cheap and i ended up getting one for the holidays ! so that worked well . these toasters are cheap as they come online here , so grab em and go ! good luck if ya get one ! ( *the hello kitty waffle maker and juicer rock too !
the riedel syrah/shiraz wine glasses are a nice combination of fine glassware , yet also have a sturdy feel
i bought this exact same slicer 20 years ago for my mom and it has lasted . it 's a unique item that guests love and it 's easy to clean up as well
this machine replaces a semiautomatic delonghi , which , i thought , was decent . well ... after using this for 3 weeks , i can honestly say that my old machine was barely competent . the titanium is a wonderful machine . not only is the espresso excellent but the panerella wand makes awesome froth and the thing looks great . it 's fully programable and , once set , it 's just a matter of pushing a button to brew a delicious espresso - every time ! it warms up in under a minute , has a large bean hopper , large water resevior , very cool blue lcd display ... i ca n't rave enough . i 've had no problems at all with this machine and i recommend it heartily
* purchased at petsmart* seems to work well* very quiet when operating properly* took our cats a little over a week to get used to it* the flow is n't very good when the setting is low . we keep it at medium . * i clean it out about once a week . cat hair from our medium-haired cat builds up and can clog the motor and scum forms on the sides of the drinking well
we love these glasses , we have had the reidel glasses , like these , many times . . . they break so easily and ca n't go in the dishwasher . these glasses are so much more utilitarian , we use them as our everyday glasses , not just for wine . they look great , feel good in the hand and can go in the dishwasher , and cost so much less . we still keep the reidel on hand for special occasions , they are more refined , but i got so tired of that ultra-thin glass breaking in my hand as i attempted to scrub the wine stains out of that porous glass . i strongly recommend the libbey glasses . . . you will like it , like , like it on your table , table , table
i bought these molds for my crystal light drinks so that i could have a more nutritious dessert option . the molds are quite long so you get a very nice sized popsicle for your money . the plastic is a bit on the thin side so the popsicles were a bit hard to get out as they were hard and the plastic is pliable . make sure to really mix your liquid as it can settle in the very bottom , impossible to get back out , and the taste will go with it . i have fun using these and they were reasonably priced
heats well and quiet . does not blow heat very forcefully but certainly warms sufficiently given enough time using the oscillation function . appears solidly built with good warranty
this is the fourth piece of furntiure i have bought from this line ( mission , natural ) . i love it . i have a bookcase and two tables that originally were for a computer work center , but use them as night-stands . it fits my 1950 's contemporary home perfectly . price is great . delivery even better . i ordered on a saturday night and received it by tuesday noon . i could n't ask for more .
it 's as absorbent as advertised and the color is much better than the photos
light and non-cotton , these are like spounges and they work far better than any dish towel i 've used previously . i have n't washed these , but if there 's a problem , i 'll update
this is a beautiful bookmark for anyone ! shipping was fast and packaging was excellen
i love the different speeds it offers . i have found it to be really cleaning the dust from the room.so far so goo
