bridget jones , modern day woman , brillant and does n't know it , prone to accidents and mess ups but manages to come out of them . this is the book that started it all with the chick lit fever . bridget jones is my hero !
i am ordering copies for all 23 middle school principals and the two assistant principals leading two middle school programs in the milwaukee public schools system . we will use wheatley 's book as the primary resource for our professional growth at our mps middle school principals collaborative institute august 9-11 , 1999 . we are not just concerned with reform ; we seek renewal as well . wheatley provides the basis . she notes that einstein said that a problem can not be solved from the same consciousness that created it . the entire book is a marvelous exploration of this philosophy
as a casual piano player and a broadway fanatic , i was so jazzed to play some of the songs from avenue q . the book contains everything you find on the cd and includes a few production photos.of course the little details are fun , using terms like `` manilowesque '' `` huey-lewis shuffle '' `` prissy sonata '' and `` funky a** groove '' to describe some of the songs . fun fun fu
this is one of the best biographies i have ever read . you can tell the authors put a lot of time and effort into this work - it 's a true labor of love . filled with beautiful photos and extensive bibliographical notes , this one is a keeper . who knew miss francis was such a `` wild child '' ? whether you 're a film scholar or a movie buff , lynn kear 's book deserves a special spot in your bookcase .
i read this book many , many years ago on a very long flight . i could n't put it down . the philosophy is simple ; live frugally , save/invest money every month , and you too can be a millionaire . it 's great advice , especially in this day and age when the younger generation wants the big house , expensive car , and everything else right now , with no regard to the future . although some of the info is dated ( enron being named as a great company to invest ) , and some other advice ( putting new soles on old shoes ) is a bit much , the general message makes plenty of sense .
this book was someone else 's bookclub selection , and i think having no expectations when i picked it up really helped in my having that wow experience that some folks report with this book and others miss . yes , the prose needed much better editing : overuse of repetition , `` stock '' phrases , and `` hanging '' assertions that should have been cleaned up . however , i found the discussions of brain development/evolution , similarities between certain animal behaviors and human behaviors , development of language in different animals , and the coevolution of humans and dogs to be facinating ( oops , just gave away the ending ! ) . i found the side discussion of outcome-based audits interesting and enlightening . i also liked dr. temple 's recommendation that people with autism be hired for baggage checking positions . great idea ! although the book really goes all over the place , i found it a wonderful opportunity to engage my `` seeking/hunting '' motivation ( you 'll have to read the book for that one ) , and worth wading through the flaws to pick up the nuggets of gold
i have been studing leadership for over 15 years both by reading and experience . i consider this book to be the best book i have read because it describes leadership as a learned activity . it also says that leadership is in motivating people to do their own work in solving difficult problems . i found that as president of my congregation i was continually going back to the concepts in the book to lead it through a very difficult situation involving placement of the flags in the sanctuary . it was very difficult to get people to do their own work and not try to step in to solve everything . ( that would have been impossible anyway ) i found that he described president lyndon johnson as a successful leader ( civil rights ) and unsuccessful leader ( vietnam ) . his discussion on leading without authority is new ground for me . if you want to discuss the book with others there is an on-line book study at the work and worship institute website . i found it was a good way for me to get more from the book . this is a great book with great stories of a variety of leaders in our society .
the best book on the history of world war ii that i 've read in a long time . the title has three meanings : 1 . it can refer to the gunner at the back of a bomber . the brits called these people 'rear gunners . ' the yanks used the term 'tail gunner . ' it 's the most dangerous position in the plane . 2 . the last plane in the formation . this was more true in the american combat box than in british usage . this position is difficult to hold because it is at the end of a string and every move by the lead ship propagates irregularily through the formation . it is also more dangerous as enemy fighters can attack this ship more easily since there are n't so many guns pointing that direction . 3 . it can refer to the bombing missions near the end of the war . this splendid book covers all three of these meanings . in addition it does an excellent job of discussing the power and importance of air power in the defeat of germany
*** refers to cd recording ****after picking up and putting down the book countless times i finally listened to this on cd . the time and attention i did n't have for the print version came easily for the audio recording . guiness is an engaging and enthusisatic speaker in full command of his subject matter . he draws on foundational christian truths , historic and contemporary references , anecdotes , and a solid business acumen . he routinely distinguishes between what something is and is not ( eg ; vocation , calling , surrender ) in unequivocal terms . also , he consistently makes the point that the main reason for our existence is to glorify god ; everything else in his presentation simply ties-back to this truth . he explains how we get distracted , how others have , and how we can correct our path , again providing examples . and unlike the christianity lite trend in america that often promotes wealth without work or responsibility , guinness is explicit about the sacrifice inherent in a christian life , using for example the lives of leonidas , st. francis , and bonhoeffer . he also speaks of the joys of a truly god-centered life.i recommend the call to anyone who is listening for their own call . it will help you distinguish between a calling and wish-fulfillment/fantasy , acquaint you with others who have heard their call , and inspire you to act . if you 've already heard and responded to your call , you 'll recognize guinness as a fellow traveler . this 3-hour presentation was taped live at highland park presbyterian church in dallas , tx usa . the recording includes 3 audience q & a sessions of about 10 minutes each . these were as informative as the main presentation , often reflecting the very questions i had while listening . recording was produced by wpublishinggroup.com in nashville , tn usa
zadie smith is one of the most powerful authors i have read in recent times . she is so subtle about the race factor that we do n't get to find out the races of the protagonists till the first 50 pages or so . she has also captured the emotions of kiki and zora perfectly ( why is it that women always stand out in emotional moments ! ) and the characters stay with you even after you put the book down.if you enjoyed the movie `` crash '' , you will love this one
i 've been very critical of the fiction work of john grisham in recent years and have said many times that he needed to take more time to write his novels to make the stories more interesting . well , he has taken time off of writing novels to write this interesting , if not spectacular non-fiction work of the trials and tribulations of ronald williamson , a former minor league baseball player implicated in a murder and sentenced to death row . i wo n't go into the details of williamson 's ordeal , but i will say that grisham has written a pretty cut-and-dried book , that probably would have been handled better by career crime writers , but is still interesting nonetheless . he does a good job giving the details of ron 's case and what he and his family had to go through as events unfolded and ron suffered from growing mental issues . grisham did n't even think about writing ron 's story until after ron passed away , so there are no interviews to draw upon , but he does a decent job of tying it all together . i will also say that although he is anti-death penalty , he does n't hammer that opinion at you . he lets the story itself do the talking.i 'm actually interested in how this book will impact the quality of grisham 's next novel , as he 'll have actually gone almost 3 years between novels by that time . hopefully the break will result in a more classic work like `` the firm '' or `` a time to kill '' , not dreck like `` the king of torts ''
zig ziglar has done it again . as an author myself of sales books , i realize sales is about so much more than just having the 'gift of gab , ' and fast talking . it 's about asking the right questions and listening to the right answers . it 's about not just being a consultant to others , but being a consultant to yourself . it 's recognizing you are in the most honorable profession there is . zig 's theories exemplify this .
a quick search in amazon books under the name `` benjamin franklin '' comes up with 2403 matches . based upon that criteria , many people would say that everything that could be said or that needs to be said about ben franklin has been said . those people would be emphatically wrong , as has been proven by author and historian h.w . brands in his work on franklin , the first american : the life and times of benjamin franklin . brands expertly brings this pivotal figure in american history , back to life , once more , in this book which was a pulitzer finalist in 2002.this book is not only about franklin , but its pages are dotted with an unbelievable cast of secondary characters . brands brings the friends and acquaintances of franklin to life , ranging from cotton mather to sir isaac newton . the book also spans the life of franklin from his humble beginnings in boston to world acclaim as one of the pivotal architects of american society and government . i believe this is the finest biography written on franklin since van doren 's pulitzer prize winner of some seventy years ago.of course , a book about franklin would be incomplete without also being about the creation and formation of america , as the two are intricately attached . but brands ' work here is all inclusive , giving us not only the politics of franklin , but his creative genius , business sense and so much more we 've grown to appreciate about this senior statesman in american history . i have no idea how many biographies i have read about benjamin franklin , but this is definitely one of the best ever . h.w . brands has a wonderful writing style with flowing narrative , meticulous detail and is one of the few franklin biographers who successfully point the reader to franklin 's human side rather than keeping the attention on his mythical status . monty raineywww.juntosociety.co
i did n't discover the delight that is the artemis fowl series until a week ago , when i read artemis fowl in one day . so , of course , i had to pick up a copy of the arctic incident right away , to see if it was as good as the first . it definitely is , and in my own humble opinion , i think i liked it even better than the first book . there are points throughout the book where artemis , now thirteen , shows a softer , more vulnerable side that i truly enjoyed . do n't get me wrong , he 's still an evil genius , but he 's an evil genius with heart , and you ca n't help but love him.now that angeline fowl is out of her depression , thanks to some fairy magic from captain holly short , she 's sent artemis back to saint bartelby 's school for young gentlemen in ireland . artemis is having quite a large amount of fun flumoxing the school 's counselor , dr. po , when he gets an urgent message from butler , his bodyguard/butler/majordomo -- it seems that artemis fowl the first is alive in russia , being held for ransom by the russian mafiya.young artemis , of course , immediately sets out to devise a scheme to rescue his father . it 's been almost two years since artemis senior was last heard from , and his son is most eager to bring him home . before he can work out a devious scheme , though , he 's visited by none other than captain short and her superior , commander root , and brought down to haven city and into police plaza . it seems the goblin triad , the b'wa kell , have a human counterpart aiding in their smuggling , and artemis the second is , quite justly i believe , suspected of being that human.the fairies soon realize , however , that this time artemis fowl is n't the bad guy in this problem . but now they 'd like artemis and butler 's help in figuring out who is behind the allaince between the goblins and the mud men -- and artemis is quite willing to help them out , in exchange for the fairies help in rescuing his father.what follows is an action-packed story of good versus evil below ground , with deceptions , backstabbing , and revenge taking center stage . as holly , root , butler , and artemis race to save haven city from being destroyed , some of the same characters from the first book make appearances -- foaly , mulch diggums , cudgeon , and captain trouble . there 's also a new foe in the arctic incident , opal koboi , to be dealt with . i highly recommend the artemis fowl series to anyone and everyone . highly enjoyable , thoroughly entertaining , and not soon forgotten .
while i am only a high school sophmore , and i do n't have a *real* job , this book has been very helpful in deciding what to shoot for doing . i 've heard people call this book too vague , but they ca n't tell you exactly what to do ; it does n't work that way . once you get through the personality quiz portion , the author gives a somewhat detailed description of your specific personality type ( i for example am and enfp ) and throws in suggestions in the description and also give a modest list of other possibilities . i 'll admit it was a bit vauger than i had hoped but it gives you plenty of room to move around and a great place to start . i 'm lucky i found this book when i did ( and not 3-4 years into college ) because i found some satisfying career options that i would not normally have chosen for myself and they are on the opposite end of the spectrum from what i was previously considering . ( looking at this run-on sentence , you will be relieved to know that none of my choices are to be an english teacher ) overall , this was a good book . there was a lot of filler describing the different personality characteristics that i found redundant only because i have gone over this in school a couple times . however , if you are unfamiliar with this territory , the explanations will be quite helpful
beautiful , stunning absolutely gorgeous.a quick note to fellow brits , this was ordered on october 22nd and arrived on november 1st and is much cheaper here than on amazon.co.uk or anywhere else in the uk ! ! i 've ordered stuff domestically that has taken longer in the post ! !
i loved this book . the food was really good and fast ( which is good because i have a very packed schedule ) . also great if you 're on a budget . the recipes have variations so i could eat different things but not have to buy a whole new set of ingrediants.the only reason it did n't get five stars was because some of the food was really spicy ( i 'm from texas , i like spicy ) , to the point my boyfriend could n't eat it . i just modified the recipes and everything was fine
the ny times book review linked this novel to the aftermath of 9-11 , but that may have more to do with the preoccupation of new yorkers than with the story powers wrote . while he does refer to 9-11 early on , this book concerns environmentalism and species conservation versus wrong-headed economic development in the great plains at the western edge of the midwestern farming belt . it is about the struggle not to loose even more economic ground relative to the rest of america in a region that is being slowly drained of its population due to the changing scale of agricultural operations . but since it is a richard powers novel , it is also about much more : neuro-physiology , brain function as reflected in behavior and personality , the devotion of a 30ish sister to her less-able younger brother , her sexual relations with two very different men , and a nationally-known writer ( clearly modeled on oliver sachs ) who has a late mid-life crisis . it is about love , devotion , and doing as much of the right thing as one can do . it involves escape and return . clearly , powers should not be considered a regional writer . his books have been set entirely or partly in brooklyn , manhattan , philadelphia , l. a. , the pacific northwest , and the continent of europe . but several books by powers are set in the midwest where he is based . readers who know something of the areas in which those stories are set will gain an extra measure of appreciation for the skillful way powers incorporates subtle regional characteristics into these novels.as others have said , this is probably not the best novel this writer has given us , although it is quite carefully plotted , and full of the marvelous insights we have come to expect from him . i prefer the goldbug variations , three farmers on their way to a dance , and , despite my own musical illiteracy , in the time of our singing . but even when powers is not quite at his best , he writes a better book than most novelists ever manage ever to produce . read , enjoy , learn
i must say my first reaction was to be surprised at how much better hawking is at explaining modern physics than my college instructors were . heisenberg 's uncertainty principle was just an equation i learned . hawking made it seem like common sense.hawking tries a little too hard to be witty at times ( and punctuates all of his jokes with exclamation points ! just in case you missed them ! ) , but all-in-all , this was a quite readable account of what 's presently known about cosmology . i use the term `` presently '' guardedly , as just recently there was some big finding about dark matter ( it exists ! ) , but from now on , when there are new findings in physics , i want hawking to explain them to me , because i feel like then i might understand them . that 's why you should read this book . the reason you should not read this book is because you have no interest in wrestling with abstractions with which you will never interact in daily life , and would rather read about global warming or darfur or something a bit more topical and practical . this was still a hard read , and i feel like i grasped maybe 80 % of it . for you to decide , but for a former engineering student , this was something i wish i had read when i was taking physics
the journal format is a unique take on the genre and i especially like the detailed attention given to gear and survival . the author obviously knows his stuff . what 's also impressive is that this novel is self published . i 'm surprised someone has n't taken notice and offered j.l . bourne a deal . he 's good
college stoner cult following aside , hunter s. thompson 's journalistic prowess was a vital national resource up until he left us last february . thompson was one of those brave few who dared to cut through popular media perceptions and glittery rhetoric and travel right to the ugly center of his subject material , counjouring hilarious allegories where the average journalist would already have soiled himself in disillusionment . on the campaign trail should be required reading for all those who hold a less skeptical view of american politics than say , the average wwe heavyweight title match , for a truly sane person should be no more shocked to hear of a politician lying or cheating to increase his presidential hopes than when the undertaker strikes his opponent with a steel chair when the referee turns his back . hunter has long since traveled through this looking glass -- although he can at times be found expressing nostalagia for the wide-eyed optimism of the 60s -- but the result is not nearly as depressing as it is hilarious . the image of thompson infiltrating the nixon youth at the rnc and yelling obscenities and death threats at rival journalist john chancellor 's press box while surrounded by hundreds of kids chanting `` four more years ! '' was one of the funniest any book has offered me in a while.how does the cliche go -- `` the more things change , the more they stay the same '' ? after the thorough spanking of george mcgovern at the hands of richard nixon , hst credits the most staggering blow to mcgovern 's presidential hopes to a media crisis involving his vice-presidential nominee , thomas eagleton . just days after eagleton was named as mcgovern 's running mate , two democratic campaign managers received phone calls revealing that eagleton had gone through intensive psychiatric treatment on three separate occasions . as the story spread like wildfire throughout the press , mcgovern 's presidential hopes were dealt a blow from which they would never recover . since then , we 've seen willie horton and the swift boat veterans come out to haunt their respective candidates , and one is inclined to wonder who the democratic `` mascot '' will be for the 2008 race . perhaps a mentally disabled child whose tricycle was crushed by the car of hillary clinton ? a dominican prostitute who gave joe biden the clap ? but i digress . i give on the campaign trail 4 out of 5 stars because the book , like presidential campaigns themselves , can at times seem uneventful . thompson addresses this from time to time , wondering aloud what it was that made him want to cover politics in the first place before remembering that the rush one feels from being a part of a winning political team is nearly identical to that of a junkie getting that long-needed fix . other parts of the book will only make sense to the more hardcore followers of politics . for instance , hst 's extensive interview with campaign manager rick stearns , where stearns explains the intricacies of acquiring state delegates , reads like hieroglyphics to me .
bob quinn is definitely one of the most profound writers on change in this era . but his work is not for the faint of heart because he challenges each of us to start change initiatives in the place we 'd least like to go -- inside ourselves . i found this an incredibly powerful book . i 've used sections of it with my `` change management '' classes for several years and i know it has a tremendous impact on students , who like most managers have grown up unconsciously believing that change always needs to start with the other guy . if you want a simple formula for change , do n't buy this book . although it is full of practical , actionable ideas , `` change the world '' addresses change at a profound level that asks readers to reflect seriously on what they stand for . it 's a very difficult but rewarding assignment
this is the best book written by stephen king ! i 've read it twice and will probably read it about ten more times before i die
i in 1996 i bought and read all the pretty horses first . laughed myself off the train seat in to town . bought the whole lot and read them in chronological order - re-reading pretty horses on the way . along with scenes from the orchard keeper , sutree sticks in my mind - images ideas , flavours , jokes , and a personality that i 'd rather see more of . sutree made me feel that i know this man , and could even like him . great fun , and deserves selfish time to read and unwind after reading .
i 'm way over the age of 13 , but i just loved this book . interesting story and characters that i enjoyed spending time with
great story ! ! excellent in fact . my beef is with the narrator and editor : as someone who grew up in the baltimore area , i thoroughly enjoyed the local references . however , it is frustrating to hear the narrator mispronounce baltimore icons , like boog 's bbq at camden yards . for the record , it is not pronounced bow-g ! it is boo-g ... do better research ! !
this book is not about all people . it is about gifted ( in this case that means sensitive ) children that are misused to feed their parents narcissism . most children are not that sensitive and hence not suseptible to that specific abuse.it is possible to be gifted and not be sensitive , but those traits do trend together . i agree that reading this book is an emotional experience for those former children , but that is a necessary part of the healing process.this book pioneered the idea examine this from the child 's perspective , and any subsequent critics need to consider this.i heartily recommend this book for those that have been affected , and the others should give their copy to the library , grateful not to have needed it
this is an extraordinary biography for , while blumenson 's admiration for george patton is evident , it brilliantly illustrates all the sides of patton 's personality - both positive and negative . the book truly goes beyond the popular perception of the general -and far beyond the movie- in exploring his character and motivations . not an overly long book , but thorough , detailed , and very enjoyable to read
gibbon 's `` decline and fall '' is without a doubt one of the most well-written and truly comprehensive historical works concerning the roman empire . from the military maneuvers of the northern legions to the intrigues of the imperial court , gibbon showcases the history of rome as it unfolded -- often relying on the eyewitness testimony of contemporary writers to give readers a sense of the passions and policies of the time . there are a few minute problems -- or rather gaps -- in gibbon 's work , but given that he originally published in the late 1700 's we can excuse his lack of complete information . overall , an excellent read and a great history of such an important subject
i have probably close to a dozen or more people i know , including myself , that have read this and had great results removing all sorts of chronic symptoms .
because the ideas and strategies really work ! robert allen gives more concrete information , real meat if you will in one chapter than these other so called financial authors do in an entire book.i used the ideas from robert allen to buy my first home , nothing down 5 years ago and the value of my home has escalated but ... the return on my investment on a nothing down deal is infinite ! hey ... if you do n't like robert allen , you can always read jane bryant quinn and lose money with her advice . i was talking to a guy the other day in a book store who said he lost over 75 % of his 401 ( k ) money following quinn 's `` safe '' advice.or ... you can read those tabloid websites which are around only to attract the naive and also are out to sell you their generic junk most of which is plagerized robert allen ideas
this book gives a thorough analysis on how public policies were the catalysts for the socioeconomic destruction of low-income communities of color in new york city . necessary reading for those who still do not realize that activism and organizing are important vehicles through which marginalized communities keep in check the forces that seek to further fragment and disenfranchise them
patriotic terrorist fighting storyline . exposes the political games played in washington , that many times put our military in dangerous situations . this book inspires me to patriotism and also deep gratitude to the special forces men who are so brave . i know the book is fiction , but i ca n't help but feel that it is more truth than fiction . mitch rapp 's wife anna is getting a little hard to stomach . she is a good example of how an aggressive woman can nearly neuter a strong man . again , hard to recommend to absolutely everyone because of the explicit sexual situations . i hate to encourage my teenage boys to read it , although 95 % is absolutely wonderful and inspiring , portraying men as real men .
since 1965 i 've taught this `` truth '' based upon metaphysical studies . now , at last , there is scientific evidence supporting the fact that emotions create facts
having read most of grisham 's books , i 've saved a few of his `` best '' for last . while it was n't a 5 star book like i 'd hoped , it certainly was one of his better books with a lot of detail and of course the plot was an interesting one.having saw the movie years ago , i had a good idea of what the book was about : two supreme court justices are killed , a law school student , along with many other people become curious and try to figure out `` who dun it '' ... only , she writes a brief and hits the nail on the head , and when the wrong people find out , she 's on the run for her life ! i enjoyed the book mostly because it was fast-paced , and had a lot of detail . so much detail and characters , i had a bit of a struggle to keep up ! of course it was suspenseful and the characters , especially of darby , the law school student and the reporter who starts to help her uncover the truth . good read
tom friedman 's writing style is easy to read and his overarching concepts-webs and walls ; states v. markets v. individuals ; and the comprehensive failure of the arab street , leadership and muslim clergy to combat the really tough and valid questions of the day-are extremely well thought-out . from reading this compilation of nyt columns , i understand where friedman conceived many of his ideas for his current best-selling book , 'the world is flat . ' although i sometimes disagree with his opinions , his ability to see the big picture is spot on
i bought this book just recently and was really touched ( and cried ) by the whole experience that gus had went through . he has lost the one friend that gave him a second chance ( stephanie ) and without her , he could 've been out there on the street again . overall , it 's a good book to read and i always believe that man and animals can be best friends and learn from one another , this book is a genuine prove .
i read these books just for fun thinking i would finish in a few days and not think about it past that . well i had another thing coming . i could n't put the book down once i had started . i missed hours of sleep because of these books . if you want a book that can keep you enraptured for hours read the artemis fowl books you wo n't regret i
great heartwarming stories about a boy , 2 owls and a dog . i recommend this for all ages . the cover markets this as a childrens 's book , but adults who like animals will love this story too . a bird lovers ' delight
this cookbook is the best in my collection - and i have a lot ! ! the instructions are clear and the pictures are great
arrived on time and in terrific shape ! thanks
ever since starting on the simple abundance journey with sarah ban breathnach 's first book , i have longed for an opportunity to learn one-on-one from the queen of simplicity and authenticity . we may not be able to meet sarah face-to-face , but now anyone can enjoy a workshop atmosphere in the comfort of her own home . women caught up in the day-to-day deluge of deadlines , appointments , and commitments can now curl up with a pillow and excavate their authentic self . i highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to savor their life instead of living in a blur
tina dirmann did a fantastic job writing about this difficult case , which encompasses motherhood , mental illness , child abuse , and matricide . dirmann does not interject her own biases or agenda into her writing , rather she presents the many different angles of this story in a compassionate fashion . that , in and of itself is impressive , because many writers of true crime tend to lean one side or the other , get caught up in emotion , and appear unable to really present all sides of the story . lessons can be learned from this book regarding mental illness and society 's responsibility to help families who are in need of intervention . it is so sad that the extended families of these boys failed not only them , but also tragically failed their mother .
very topical . easy read . hope people in the know read this and give serious thought to the potential for something like this happening . gives good reason why border control should be taken more serious by everybody . looking forward to reading other books by mr. bell
with every grisham book i read , i get more and more impressed with his ability to not only use the law to create suspense , but to insert other elements to make this human as well.for once , we have a character that is not consumed by financial gain . however , this person has been left most of an eleven billion dollar fortune . however , she does not know this . a lawyer is sent to find her , and in the process , undergoes a fundamental change of his own.this story takes place in washington , maryland , west virginia , and the rain forests along the brazilian-bolivian border . in typical grisham fashion , he inserts considerable detail in all of the venues of this book , enabling the reader to create a mental picture everywhere this story goes . you can picture the six heirs that are clawing to get their share of the millions . you can picture the judge itching to have a high profile fight . you can envision the rainforest , and you can picture in your mind the massive changes occurring in the life of nate o'riley.this is yet another grisham work that will simply stick to your fingers like glue . the pages literally turn themselves . do not start this novel before going to bed , or you may have a sleepless night simply for the fact you simply will not be able to put this one down .
this book , styron 's finest , is about redemption . heralded by the epigraph from john donne , the intricately structured tale with its marlowian manipulations of narrative points of view soon becomes so enthralling that it 's impossible to put down . but it 's also to styron 's great credit that the novel 's theme , redemption through confrontation with death and violence , is reflected through its feverish style . there are not many books in the postwar era , and none in the united states , that have such a non-moralistic but intensely moral character and impact . echoes of the greek tragedians ( several times evoked in the text ) and of dostoyevski abound . finally , the crucial role by the most-fleshed out non-expatriate character , a philosophical italian small-town cop named luigi , elevates the moral drama to a metaphysical dimension that most contemporary writers do n't even seem to understand , let alone approach . it 's a shame that styron has not received the nobel prize yet
i read the good doctor 's book eat to live and then bought china study which he talks a lot about in this book . then i bought this book being curious after reading a few other books on fasting and this book wins hands down though i do feel he 's being overly cautious about doing long fasts of more than 5 days without medical supervision to protect himself as people have been doing long fasts for centuries without medical supervision and doing just fine and since finding a doctor in even a large community is rare indeed one is left to do this on their own . being a vegetarian for more than 37 years i became an almost 100 % vegan after reading eat to live and have to say that i feel great with more energy and even started reducing anti-depression med i 've been taking for severe depression . yesterday i took my last pill ! all week i 've been emptying my refrigerator in order to start my water fast tomorow . and reducing my one cup of coffee in the norning to none because i remember clerly that awful caffiene withdrawl healache , i 'm going to do 10 days and hoping for 14 . i 've done 3 day fast before and one 5 day and that was great . yes , there are some flaws in both books and i wish the good doctor would have made use of a good editor as it 's not as professionally written as it could be and the recipes in eat to live are atrocious with too much canned foods and not healthy organic foods but i 'll forgive him because he got me on the china study which changed my life and his studies and own experience helping people get well are good and inspiring.why am i going on a 10 day detox water diet ? i read randall fitxgerald 's one hundred year lie and that was the catalyst that pulled it all together for me . a detox fast absolutely necessary after my years on earth and after too many years on anti-depressantsi 'm keeping dr. fuhrman 's fasting book close by during the next 10 hopefully 14 days for support and encouragement . i did make the mistake of telling my coworkers that i was starting a 10 day fast though the good doctor warned me not to . the comments from them were typical i suppose knowing their health or lack of but i held my tongue . those comments are just like the stupid ones some of the reviewers of dr. fuhnman 's books make along with other nutrituion books . but i thinkof the wisest words , '' you are responsible for your own health '' and think about my not being able to remember the last time i had a cold and the last flu i had in 1964 and smile . i do n't intend to support the ill-begotten medical-pharmecutical industry.the last time i went to the dr . i promptly firedhim after his continued to badger me into getting manograms . and other tests , i repeated that i eat well etc and he said nutrition had nothing to to do with breast cancer and i just walked out of his office forever . i 'd rather read a book
from the beginning of ruby 's story , through all the footnotes of life , to the burying of bunty ... we live four generations of the lennox family . this is not your average family , people disappear , mothers leave families , children die in mysterious ways . for me the best of all the little stories , is ruby getting ready to be born . atkinsons description of being literally in the womb is priceless . two themes seem to pervade this book ... poor marriages to drunks and pregnancy out of wedlock . in the end , ruby learns the greatest lesson of all the women in this book ... you ca n't run away from yourself .
very detailed information about hypothyroidism , can help anyone with a low basal temperature . if you think you are hypo and your doctors wo n't help you read this book and you will find a doctor who will help you . lots of knowledge about this condition . must read
this book gives the reader a fascinating and personal look inside not just the foster care system , but why they are very much so needed . young dave 's life was very likely saved by being taken from his mother 's home and placed into foster care . but this book makes it clear , that despite this positive change in is life , it certainly did n't mean everything was `` happily ever after '' . dave then struggled with issues ranging from not knowing some of the mere basics that other twelve years olds know by that age , ranging from as simple as how to take a proper bath to how to behave with proper manners . it also gives you a good look at the struggle these hard working foster homes and parents go through . they deal day in and day out with children coming from troubled homes , and these foster homes are in such high demand that they end up cramped to the brim . i think many of us , myself included , are unaware of just what a struggle it is for both the foster children and the foster parents , as well as how much we need to support these people . they are dedicating themselves to a truly needed and wonderful cause.thanks again dave , for having the courage to share your beautiful story of heartache and triumph with us
neverwhere is one of gaiman 's best yet ! i highly recommend this novel
i expected this to be dry and mechanical like lots of other math texts - too-technical proofs , homework questions irrelevant to the material , insufficient explanations for why things are the way they are . this book really surprised me because it was n't `` mathy '' at all . it does n't just throw proofs at you expecting you to wade thru page upon page of math notation until you understand - it gives you the intuitive side of important concepts , which means you only need common sense , not an intensive mathematical background to get everything . the examples they picked simplify rather than confuse the concepts . each easily and naturally leads to the next . if there 's anything not thoroughly elaborated , they were sure to cover it in the homework questions , by gently prodding the reader along towards the answer step by step instead of smacking them in the face with impossible problems . homework questions supplement the material perfectly and basically leave you with a full and well-rounded impression of what the concepts mean as well as when and why to use them , not just how to plug numbers into some formula.if anything , i 'd say this book errs on the side of caution in that in some sections it could pick up the pace a little . but then again , you could always just skip the easier parts
i really enjoyed this coloring book -- as in my very early yrs. , i had kaleidoscopes to play with . i was always intriqued with the color spectrum in them.i was hoping to find more on line with the illustrator of this book . sadly disappointed . will keep looking at other book sites . by the way , i am 56 yrs . old -- and i love to color . it 's wonderful therapy for relaxing and bringing back some childhood fun
`` this was the first sales book i ever read . and today , 10 years later , i have it proudly displayed in my library . when i speak with clients who i now teach sales skills to , i still reference it from back in my days selling copiers in 1994 . way to go stephan ! ''
if you like math , i guarantee you 'll like this book ! the author starts out with some very nice infinite sums from 17th and 18th century mathematics ( newton , leibniz , the bernoullis , and euler 's gamma function ) . he continues into the 19th century with riemann and lebesque integrals , weierstrass ' pathological functions , cantor 's set theory , and winds up with baire 's category theorem.reading this book is like taking a guided tour through real analysis ( = calculus of one real variable ) with the math prof you always wished you had . its only prerequisite is a working knowledge of calculus ; the main points are explained very clearly , so the reader can skip through the book or fill in the details , and will learn a lot , either way . the book is very well written , and a great pleasure to read ; i highly recommend it , for students , fans , and teachers
painstakingly compiled by judy brown ( contributing writer and comedy critic for la weekley ) , the funny pages is an impressive and hilarious collection of 1,473 jokes gathered from the funniest modern-day comedians around , ranging from robin williams to bill cosby , george burns , conan o'brien , and many , many more . the individual jokes are arranged by topic underneath dictionary-style headings . from alcohol to yoga and zoos ; each gag is short but sweet , and packs a punch in this chuckle-inducing , highly recommended anthology of wit , gags , and humor both classic and cutting edge
brilliant . sam harris portends the calamitous pathway that irrational , divisive thinking ( religious & secular ) will cause . he also spells out the necessary suggestions and goals for humans to evolve to the point where we 're globally not at risk of suffering due to anachronistic prejudices
this book turns the entire concept of intelligence inside out . seriously mind-blowing . excellent exercise in extended mental gymnastics . you wo n't be disappointed
this book clearly , easily teaches the 5 different ways we each relate to one another . it is applies very well to couples ; however , the principles also provide essential insight into relating with children , colleagues ... anyone ! it makes an excellent group book study or a read-on-one 's own
so many disbelievers out there ! i feel so sorry for you : no magic left in your dull and predictable worlds ? of course this book is on the level . while my dog ernestine does not build art pieces as such , she 's a pretty good cook and a crack shot . so why not dog artists ? the review of dog art is a little species-centric , however . most of the dog artists i know use faecies or urine to construct art , or engage in performance pieces : `` rooting the leg '' ; and `` licking the balls '' spring to mind . dog culture can be appreciated by humans but is not the same as human cuture . so a little less chauvanism please ms mathison
this was my very first book for nora roberts , and so far it 's the best book ever . it is the perfect book . brianna is a wonderful , smart inn keeper with many talents and a rare kind of maturity . i would love to be like her ! and gray is a successful , sweet , caring , witty author that comes to her inn in ireland to relax and start a new book . this is no ordinary romance . i love that it goes deep , not only into the main characters ' personalities , but there is also brianna 's sister and brother-in-law , her mother , her friend , and gray 's agent . not to mention the wonderful scenary of ireland described throughout the book . the conlcusion of the book is wonderful and utterly satisfying , leaving you with a happy glow that lasts a long time ! other books by nora roberts are good , but this one takes the prize . of the born trilogy this one is the best and it should not be missed
i really had no faith before this book . not really sure what i should of beleived . but this book def changed my point of view and it is shocking ! eveything just seemed ot come together and to me it just makes complete sense and i feel that this book is entirely true . it would be great to see the world come together in world peace if they only knew the truth . i knew the government covered stuff up but i had no idea to the extent they would goto to keep their undreground society such a secret and ruthless and would stop at nothing . he does n't say it straight out but the way it is described protrays this secret rogue group to be the illumnati with unlimited funding to carry out their evil intentions . greatest book i ever rea
i have never been a big fan of motivational books , because they seem so `` pie in the sky '' if you know what i mean . but a friend recommended this one to me and told me it was different . he was right . it was easy to read and in fact i did n't want to put it down . but what i really liked was the `` how to '' part of the book . after all , it 's no good reading about other people 's success stories if you do n't know how to make your own . also , something i thought was interesting is that the author has a website called success compass which helps you set goals and then e-mails you a reminder several times a day . i guess the real key to success is not allowing yourself to forget what you want , and this website does n't let you forget . hmmmmm . . . electronic nagging as the key to success ! ; - ) hey , whatever works
theodore b. taylor , the physicist who was the subject of this book died in 2004 , but not before he had completed his spiritual journey from nuclear bomb maker to nuclear protester . even though the text of this book originally appeared in `` the new yorker '' in 1973 , taylor was still driven to publish his own works on the dangers of nuclear proliferation . mcphee has a very understated style ( `` just the facts , ma'am '' ) , but this book is still the most frightening i 've ever read . i ca n't decide whether i would want him to write a sequel , because the threat of a nuclear bomb explosion is even greater today than it was in 1973 . just ask yourself the following questions : is there more plutonium available to terrorists in 2006 than there was in 1973 ? yes.do more nations have nuclear capability ? yes.can a nuclear bomb be built that is even smaller and more efficient than its 1973 counterpart ? yes.are the instructions for building a nuclear device more readily available than they were in 1973 ? yes.do some people hate america even more than they did in 1973 ? decide this one for yourself.john mcphee , staff writer for the `` new yorker '' and pulitzer-prize-winning author of twenty-seven books on subjects as various as oranges and the merchant marine , has written a nuclear explosion of a book in `` the curve of binding energy . '' it 's one of those books that is even more relevant now than when it was written . essentially , it 's a blueprint of how to build a nuclear device using materials at hand , along with a chunk of rather easily stolen u-235 or plutonium . theodore b. taylor , himself the creator of smaller , more efficient nuclear bombs , tells us where to steal the plutonium , how to assemble a bomb , even gives hints on where to plant it -- one of the eeriest parts of this book has taylor and mcphee exploring the now-vanished towers of the world trade center , trying to pick the spot where a nuclear device could do the most damage . `` the curve of binding energy '' is a must read for every man , jack , and paper-pusher in the department of homeland security , not to mention both houses of congress . i imagine the first reaction of many congresspersons would be to ban this book , but it 's way too late for that , my friend .
i bought this book after a recent trip with my family to italy . the food was so wonderful that i wanted to learn more about it . essentials of classic italian cooking turned out to be exactly what i was looking for . it explains the basics as well as the regional specialties . i learned so much ! i highly recommend it
these are all short stories , some very short ; that 's what he wrote . i remember reading a number of these ( the science fiction ones mostly ) in translation years ago . rereading them now in the context of all his other work was really very interesting . as a collection of all his fictions , some of the items are a bit repetitive ; the variations on the `` knife fight '' theme for instance . but the range of his imagination is fascinating , particularly in his thoughts about reality vs imagination and layers of reality and identity : a lot of it presages the information-based world of today , which sometimes seems to have left hard reality behind.perhaps the link to the internet is one reason borges seems to have a bit of a following these days among technophiles . is not the web exactly borges ' `` book of sand '' - a place that absorbs us with fascinating and unique pages of information , but when we turn to find them again , we never can ? and how long will it be before an imagined `` orbis tertius '' engulfs entities such as the wikipedia we think we can rely on ( one might suggest it 's already happened - look up tatooine , for instance ... ) what exactly is information when it 's just a bunch of ones and zeros - everything 's already been written in the `` library of babel '' after all ! the other fascinating thread to me was the influence of arabic and muslim themes ; i 'd never caught that before , but this collection includes a number of stories with an arab perspective . perhaps this is a well-known part of spanish heritage ; in any case , it was certainly interesting getting to know borges through this collection , from the knife fights to the arabian courts to the immortals - not everything was great , but enough great stuff to be really worth spending some time with
once again mr. updike delivers an insightful story of life in suburbia and what lurks in the hearts and minds of men and women - love , lust , betrayal , self doubt . villages relates owen 's life as only john updike can . the last chapter gets a little too long and not as enjoyable as the rest of the book , but i will certainly recommend it to all my friends
i really like this series of books that range from this `` storage '' one to `` bathrooms , '' `` family houses , '' etc ... but i am giving this book a 4 because it shows alot of houses that seem to be beyond the means of most people that i know around my area . this book also likes to tell you to build storage in every little crack/space that does not currently have something useful going for it . i am giving it 4 stars , because it does inform you of all of the different types of devices that are currently ( as of the book being published ) available to help you make storage possible in nooks and crannies . it also gives you ideas and suggestions about how you can make more use out of the storage that you already have , by redesigning the shelving to make it more attractive also . try not to read it all at once though , because i started to gloss over stuff just to get to the end of the book . take it a step at a time and it will be a great start for you
i read an interview with mr. vollman , i think a couple years ago , i ca n't quote directly but he said he thought that prostitutes were very spiritual people . they save marriages , they provide comfort to the loneliest , most desperate among us . in practically the same breath he observed that they spread disease and sometimes rob their johns.that kind of duality is at the heart of much of vollman 's writing . on the surface , whores for gloria is one desperate , delusional man , so eager for even the illusion of relatedness that he attempts to recreate gloria with bits and pieces of other prostitutes . it is n't fully clear if gloria herself was ever real , but regardless , it is now a quest to fill that void collage style with physical samples , such as hair clippings , as well as emotional artifacts . the most poignant scene may be the protagonist hiring a prostitute , and wanting nothing more than to hear happy childhood memories . the prostitute complies as best she can but , story after story , the narratives veer into disturbing material.the hardest thing for the human to do is to hold opposite opinions about one thing at the same time . the more intelligent and observant one is , the more painfully aware of the absurdity of this task , the more painfully aware of the mental contortions necessary to maintain the illusion of meaning . this is where the magic lies in true artistc genius , such as a thelonius monk solo or , in this case , vollman 's writing . i 've never read anything that better communicates simultaneous beauty and ugliness . and no better forum than gutter sex , which vollman renders both repulsive and compelling . and he does n't do it by being overly clever . he does it through the chaos of brute honesty . whatever compositional gymnastics go into the writing , the end product is very readable and deceptively simple
this is the text i love the best and it is easy to read and with the words of jesus in red . my only criticism in that the corners of the cover tend to bend - they are made of cardboard which is not as durable as leather , for which i would have paid more . however , it is very good value , and the delivery was as swift as ever
this is a wonderful book , aimed at helping the struggling new mom with the all-too-often misunderstood post-partum depression symptoms . while i am thrilled that such a renowned star is willing to share her story for the benefit of others , i urge brooke shields to re-consider a comment she made recently . she indicated that while she knows now that post-partum depression is real and requires treatment of both medicinal and therapy support , ... she does not believe that adhd exists nor that it requires the same level of support . it is essential that such public figures realize that what they have experienced is not the only form of reality . thousands suffer with adhd in ways that interfere with their livlihood , schooling , relationships and self-esteem issues . studies have shown this challenge to be as real and as debilitating as post partum depression . so please , brooke ... do n't deny the realities of other maladies , simply because you have n't experienced them . you of all people should realize how frustrating it is to have your challenges blown off by others . your `` voice '' is heard loudly . your message must be correct . thank you
beginning with the introduction , i was taken on a fabulous journey . these gifted authors write a wonderful narrative . lande 's snapshots add a lot to this impressive and comprehensive companion . they are as engaging as any short story in the new yorker ! i found the collection of old posters designer appealing integrated with beautiful photography , as one would expect from national geographic . the guide is uniquely for both armchair and active travelers and two books in one . the first carefully expertly evaluates top ten lists on everything travel related , from hotels to hideaways , national parks to international markets . subjective of course . we all have our favorites . i particularly liked a chapter called `` ten best things to do on sunday afternoons in ten cities '' .part two includes literary and historical journeys , elevating this travel guide above all others . ready made and travel ready . i 'm on my way on the road to mandalay ! the book ends at lands end , with a country-by-country supplement to best destinations . what a travel kit ! national geographic 's ten best of everything is passport perfect in every way . you 'll love every moment .
this author has written `` kitchen table wisdom '' which was recommended to me a year ago by my doctor..ms remen remembers her zayde who died whe she was 7 and tells us all the wonderful things he taught her ... she is a physician and therapist and combines the lessons she learned at age 7 with her professional knowledge..i love this book and find myself returning to it time and time again to re-read the stories of strength , refuge and belonging..this book is much more than `` chicken soup '' ... it is `` chicken soup with matzo balls
this is such a great book i have boughten copeys for all my childern
this book was a life saver for me as i opened my solo practice this summer . without it , i would have spent countless hours developing these forms myself . the feature that allows you to customize the forms is especially nice . i recommend this for new or veteran mental health workers
there is little more i can contribute to this literary masterpiece -- even though the essential structure of my review is clear in my mind , it will not be able to truly capture the magnificent splendor of this work . gustave flaubert was a conscientious literary artist who revised and perfected madame bovary with care . he worked on the novel for nearly six years , during which time he rewrote the manuscript several times , often spending days perfecting a single paragraph . the result of his painstaking creativity was a masterpiece that rivals the heavens with its beauty . madame bovary is a penetrating psychological study of its heroine , emma bovary , as she struggles to find fulfillment through a realization of her romantic fantasies of love and wealth . she exists in a dream world and longs for freedom from her middle-class humdrum lifestyle . flaubert 's realistic portrait of the tragic fate of this complex woman is nothing short of phenomenal.in perfect contrast to emma , flaubert introduces charles bovary , a proto-typical doctor who has no real talent or ambition and is content to enjoy the simple things that life has to offer . soon after their wedding , emma becomes disillusioned by the bumbling charles and yearns for a romantic interlude . flaubert represents the absolute clich of provincial life with his portrayal of this undemanding , unimpressive , and unnoticed middle-class man . flaubert brings all facets of human personas full-circle with the shy , well-mannered , and well-liked young man-next-door , leon . with a slow-blossoming relationship with emma , leon leaves for paris to study law . upon his return -- and with a little experience -- the two become lovers . flaubert 's portrayal of this dysfunctional couple is reminiscent of tragic romances of yore . thereafter , the degeneracy of emma 's lifestyle is evident , and she is brought to the brink of destruction.in madame bovary , gustave flaubert gives us a vivid and life-like glance into the reality and the mannerisms and the customs of small-town people living in france during the mid-nineteenth-century . flaubert 's descriptions are detailed and beautiful -- and paint a real portrait of the natural world he is describing . opening with first-person narration that sometimes shifts to third-person has earned gustave flaubert the reputation as one of the most celebrated and influential novelists of the nineteenth century
this book is a very good study into what happen to the lost ten tribes of israel . mr. capt did a great job in back tracking by using the clay tablets that were found in assyria which list the tribes by the name which was used by the assyrians which is called the house of omri . this book is very in depth and very informative . i also noticed a person left one star because mr. capt did say anything about the jews . of course the jew 's would n't be metioned they were n't taken into exile until 586 bce , and that was by babylonia and not assyria . when reading about the ten tribes people need to know that the ten tribes were not jews . over all i give five stars and it is a must have for a historian or an avid bible reader intrested in research
the new age herbalist is a great book . it has a ton of different herbs and tells the uses of each one . they also warm you about anything dangerous about all of the plants . very useful book perfect for anyone from beginner to advanced herbalist . i use this book all of the time
this book is a rare but insightful look into the practice of one of the new urbanist legends . uda began the pattern book revival a decade ago ( and also has a book out describing the process of writing one . ) they also are one of the pioneers of the new urbanist revolution , which , by discarding the fictions of modernist planning , have rediscovered existing methods and have discovered new methods of creating compact , mixed-use and walkable neighborhoods that were always the basic cellular structure of cities from the dawn of time until just before world war ii . we have understood the basic principles again for some time . what this book shows are some of the mechanics of how to do it again
rarely is there a book that i can not put down , this was an exception . quite a suspensfull page turner . any book that can draw you in and you can visualize the characters and the scenery is excellent and this book did that . i would have given it 5 stars , but i do not like romance blended in with any suspense novel , that 's just my taste . by far , however , one of the best books i have read in a long time
sacred pathways is easy to read , plain , balanced , and straightforward . the book surveys 9 different spirituality types . for each type it identifies scripture , historical characters , styles of worship , and dangers . the book contains an evaluation tool to help the reader identify his or her personal spiritual personality.as with any survey tool this book does not go deeply enough into any particular spiritual practice . it does n't need to . what it offers is an excellent service to the christian community.for those who are trapped in a church that worships in a style predominately different from the their own , this book offers the knowledge that the reader is not alone . there are others out there that worship in the same way.for those who believe that all true worship looks like their style of worship this book offers a broader view of the christian landscape.i gave this book 5 stars because it could have a potentially life changing impact on those who have lived in a closed environment .
what an absolute lifesaver ! as parents of two kids- ( one dreamer and one dynamo ) we had run through the endless `` experts '' in our town for answers . this is a priceless resource for anyone who wants to stand up with facts to experts in both the medical and the school-related fields . it gives reasons for behavior and what works , and more importantly , why what a lot of people want you to do wo n't work ! i have given it to each teacher/specialist who works with my children . her advice does work and your special bright child will blossom with it . it is written in an engaging and segmented format . be sure to read the part addressing whether or not to medicate . perfect for carpool wait times as most parents of these bright and energetic kids do n't get any other time to sit still
wow , wow , wow . get this book ! this has ( just about ) everything you need to be professional . the only thing i did n't like is that most of the resources listed were geared to nyc residents , but there was good direction as to how to locate similar services in your area . i especially liked the opening that deals with how artists are helping to perpetuate their own `` starving artist '' myth , and the ways to stop that . it made me realize that i am the one standing in the way of my own success ! well , no more -- thanks to caroll -- i am taking all of the steps listed . i wish my graduate school had this information available
left for dead by her kidnappers , lore is found by the mysterious woman spanner , who teaches her to survive by her wits and to live in the dark world of crime . the two become lovers , but lore wants legitimacy and to heal from her various wounds ( her past with her family , her weeks with the kidnappers ) , so she leaves , taking a new identity , and tries to fit in . ultimately , lore can not run from her demons forever , and she must either choose to stay in the shadows or to face the truths of her past . set in the not-so-distant future , `` slow river '' weaves lore 's pasts and present together into an astonishingly compelling tale . at the heart of the book is the story of a young woman healing from abuse , and the science fiction aspects are simply the setting and enhancing details . `` slow river '' is the type of book that transcends whatever genre in which it 's placed : it 's more than a science fiction story , more than a coming-of-age story , more than a lesbian love story , more than a story of healing from abuse . this is a book that makes one believe in the power of fiction
pest control is a light-hearted book which uses a fast pace and off-the-wall humor to make up for any depth problems.standard story . upstart assassin bursts onto the scene , creating mayhem in the world of professional killers . problem . upstart assassin ca n't even fulfill a contract to rid a restaurant of roaches , let alone kill some of the most guarded men in the world.the story of bob dillon 's flirtation with contract killers is a page-turner . not really out of suspense , because you ca n't imagine that fitzhugh would subject his characters to anything other than a fairy-tale ending , but out of unabated curiosity . you want to know how in the heck dillon and his cohorts will survive to breed another strain of hybrid bug-eating bugs . of course fitzhugh answers with simple and hilarious solutions which are , towards the end of the book , more and more absurd and predictable.overall , i 'm slightly embarrassed that i like this book as much as do . nonetheless , i would recommend it to anyone looking for an easy and humorous read
this book is another excellant addition to the growing body of knowledge and accessible information on a health problem that plagues many americans . adrenal fatigue and its consequences and causes should become one of the most crucial topics in health maintainance . another excellent book in this vein is dr. j. wilson 's , adrenal fatigue , the 21st century stress syndrome
published in 1986 , dr. deming `` out of the crisis '' seems to form the basis for the transformation needed in american management mentality . two main subjects are discussed in the book . the first is the exposure of problems and pitfalls in top management operations , the second , relates suggestions and solutions that can solve and transform the way american management operates . 14 core points are suggested by dr. deming to address problems in management and are supported by many examples using different scientific methods . throughout the book , dr. deming promotes the loss of slogans that are even today being practiced by a share of the american industry , and advocates management that is based on principles such as quality and leadership . at times , the book is not a continuous process that is easy to follow , but overall , dr. deming 's concepts are transferred to the reader . dr. deming 's `` out of the crisis '' helped me learn new perspectives about how management and employees can help in building or transforming an industry to a successful one .
over 20 years after it was published , the story of the israeli attempt to eradicate massive and repeated terrorist attacks emanating from the plo ( bubba's/jacques/un 's buddy yasser ) in lebanon is no less important . interestingly , lebanon is still struggling to rid itself of syrian occupation . they have gone from the vegan dictator hafez assad murdering opponents and journalists to the syrian optometrist dictator murdering opponents and journalists ( another killed last week 7/2005 ) .in this review , i will attempt to explain the story , the left-wing/doves reporter 's views ( and on so many levels his mistakes ) , and most importantly to americans who love and support israel , the correlation between israel 's actions and our `` war on terror . `` first to the journalists , the main one being the left wing newspaper haraatz ze'ev schiff . as the brilliant reviewer givbatam3 points out nearby , mr. schiff is a member of the israeli left/dove/peace now group . this `` coalition '' consists of myopic people ( with all due respect ) that do n't seem to understand good and evil . just as our great president bush was criticized for denouncing the `` axis of evil '' ( he forgot to mention syria and the house of saud ) , these doves conveniently choose to ignore the problems with cooperating with our/their enemies . this is what lead to the fraudulent oslo accords and the creation of the terrorist supporting palestinian authority . it is this `` authority '' that unleashed a wave of terror on israel immediately after clinton helped the murderer arafat receive a nobel peace prize . fittingly , arafat walked away from the clinton/barak plan in 2000 , which would have created a palestinian state , which to this day ( 7.8.05 ) does not exist despite the charade of the road map . the authors accuse prime minister sharon of illegally leading israel into the war in lebanon . most of the books i 've read about israel seem to have been written by journalists out to discredit sharon . he seems to be the donald rumsfeld of israel . i do n't live there so it is impossible for me to get a read on the situation , but he was democratically elected , so most of the voters must disagree with the left 's assessment of mr. sharon ( yes , i know his `` disengagement '' is an illegal abomination , more on that later . wear orange to support the settlers . ) on page 39 , mr. ze'ev describes sharon as `` a cynical , headstrong executor who regarded the idf as his personal tool for obtaining sweeping achievements-and not necessarily defensive ones-and a minister prepared to stake the national interest on his struggle for power . '' those would prove to be the `` kindest '' words he would have for mr. sharon . on page 58 , he accuses sharon of implementing a quasi-coup d'etat.and on and on it goes . the author also accuses sharon of duping the american government , details forthcoming.later on , we learn of the `` courageous , freedom fighter '' ( my emphasis ) arafat 's decision to deploy all palestinians including 12 year old boys to kill israelis . of course , to this day the pa affiliated fatah and other groups use children to murder israeli civilians ( the best non-child attack recently was the palestinian woman who was granted permission to receive medical care in israel who tried to kill innocent israeli doctors/nurses using `` bomber pants . '' great video of her discovering the bomb would n't activate , however us msm { mainstream media } other than fox refused to air it . ) on page 92 , we learn of arafat crony and current pa leader abu mazen 's ( the same oslo and road map violating , terrorist supporting/enabling , holocaust denying , chain-smoking mazen that gw brazenly brought to the white house ) recommendation to target specific ethnic types of jews for murder.throughout the story , if indeed the cabinet was mislead , we learn that this deception had negative military preparedness consequences . specifically , a failure to call up the reserves.to his credit and unlike journalists robert fisk ( pity the nation ) and thomas friedman ( ny times , from lebanon to jerusalem ) , mr. schiff reminds us of the level of terror practiced by ray-ban wayfarer wearing arafat even inside his own plo . on page 147 , we learn of palestinians killing palestinians that were given the chance to evacuate an area prior to idf action . in this episode , three children were gunned down in front of their father.on page 149 , the authors engage in a disgusting bit of analysis about the minds of idf members . in discussing a particularly brutal phase of the operation , the author 's ask `` was it perhaps fueled by an even deeper sense of vengeance for all the harm and hatred that the jews had suffered at the hands of others over the centuries ? '' and further , `` how would the grandparents of these boys have reacted to the scene of mayhem ... ? '' are you kidding me ? ? these members of the citizen army were probably quite sick of repeated murders of innocent israeli citizens and committed to seeing their country living in peace . meanwhile , the un , the left/doves , the media , and others seemed to downplay or turn a blind eye to arafat 's involvement in the many terrorist attacks conducted by the plo prior to the lebanon operation . in my humble view , something had to be done . prime minister begin agreed with sharon 's initial plan on eliminating the terrorists in beirut . page 152 features more america bashing , culminating in an accusation that the us was an israeli dupe.the story of the military operation is detailed completely . and no discussion of the lebanon operation would be complete without mentioning the incidents in the refugee camps in sabrit and shatilla . i 'll leave it for the reader to decide on this operation , but in short , israel relied on their `` allies '' in lebanon to rid the camps of terrorists . most assuredly , after the palestinians brought havoc to these people , they wanted revenge . the result : some civilian deaths to go along with the `` clean up '' operation and a rebuke of several israeli figures including prime minister sharon . folks , war is not pretty and the us faced similar choices in partnering with the northern alliance in afghanistan . many to this day say that is why we allegedly `` lost '' bin laden in tora bora instead of adequately deploying our troops on the pakistan border . general tommy franks says this would not have been possible and i believe him more than the kerry/kedwards crowd . our `` ally '' pakistan would not have tolerated a us presence , given that they were one of only three governments with relations with the taliban.as for the author 's attempts to rid israeli society of prime minister sharon , it did n't work . he forcefully fought the charges emanating from the investigation into the lebanon operation . after yasser walked all over clinton in barak in 2000 and launched/restarted the intifada , israel voted for `` arik '' and his platform of not negotiating with arafat . sadly , no tragically , he is haphazardly implementing his `` disengagement plan . '' six weeks prior to its start , it appears the plan is not well thought out and polls show that israelis are increasingly against it . moreover , turning land over to terrorist supporting mazen will embolden those that seek israel 's destruction . israel expects terror gangs of hamas , islamic jihad , and mazen 's own fatah to immediately set up shop in the west bank and begin terror operations . so looking back mr. schiff and ya'ari , who was right ? terror coddling doves such as rabin ( who at least acknowledged the danger in trusting arafat ) and peres or likud hawks such as sharon ( and netanyahu ) ? let the reader decide . i know who i would trust with my security : likud members sharon and netanyahu .
a refreshing look on software development and the many pitfalls you need to avoid . this book should be read by everybody involved in any software project but the simplest . in my opinion , a standard work . nevertheless , it needs to be handled with care . during ages , sw development managers have tried convincing their people to break out of the chaos , and plan their work . this book correctly warns for the opposite effects of believing that planning solves everything . some people might however read between the lines that no planning at all is the best practice . the book confirms what i and my successful colleagues found through experience and intuition : there is an optimal point of planning upfront . less harms because you do n't know where you are going , more ( too detailed ) harms because it takes away flexibility and it slows you down significantly . new to me was the use of queuing theory to point out what we see every day : too many features , under-resourcing leads to far bigger delays than human mind can ever guess .
spend big bucks and hire the boston consulting group to help you with your strategy . . . and what do you get ? hardball answers that question indirectly through sharing classic strategies for achieving competitive and economic advantage employed by bcg clients.as a result , i think this book will be most appealing to mbas thinking about working for bcg and potential clients who want to get a sense of what the outcome might be like.for those who are well read in business strategy , this book will be a disappointment . it focuses on very little you have n't read or thought about many times before . skip this book if you are in this category.the strategies discussed include overwhelming competitors with superior resources ( frito-lay versus eagle snacks ) , adjusting to take advantage of what customers want more of ( more variety and better delivery from wausau papers ) , threatening competitors ' sources of profits ( japanese auto makers go after the big 3 's positions in minivans and suvs in north america ) , copy and improve on better business models ( batesville casket applies automotive manufacturing techniques ) , encourage your competitor to retreat ( attack the bottom of the market first in low margin categories and move up ) , refocus your business model on one set of advantages ( carmax ) , acquire others to build your strengths while making competitors more vulnerable ( masonite international ) , and change the nature of competition ( get to low-cost sourcing earlier than competitors , secure low-cost assets sooner and play the wal-mart card carefully ) . the overall metaphor for the book has its problems . if you play to win , you are playing hardball . al dunlap ( author of mean business ) was a hardball guy , but it did n't pay off at sunbeam.if i read past the words in the book , the concept they authors are advancing is one of being unrelenting in developing a strategy that creates a virtuous cycle of ever-expanding resources and advantages while creating a vicious cycle for competitors of ever-decreasing resources and advantages . `` keep 'em down '' would have been a more accurate title for the book.you will find scant information in the book about newer types of strategies , new forms of technology and new business paradigms . this book is about `` rock 'em , sock 'em '' competition among the industrial giants of the world . i worked as a consultant and later as a project manager at bcg in the early 1970s , and i was struck that the kinds of strategies and clients described here have changed almost not at all since then . i do think hardball better captures the classic bcg approach used in the early 1970s than any other book i have read published by the firm or its professional staff . bruce henderson would be proud of you ! from my perspective , i graded the book down for slight inaccuracies in places such as underplaying the legal risks in these strategies ( the authors seem to think scaring off competitors with `` signaling '' is pretty risk-free ) , misstating some of the cases ( did gm really crush ford 's ability to get investment grade bonds by pushing for zero percent financing ? -- it looks more like mutual suicide to me ) , and praising more than was due in some cases ( the japanese car companies were very late to come into north america with minivans and suvs ) . i also thought the metaphor got in the way of the message . . . rather than enhancing it .
this book appears on most of the 'best of ' science fiction lists that various pundits and critics have put out , even though it is not a very commonly known work . does it deserve such a placing ? i think the answer to that depends upon what your viewpoint is about what science fiction , as a form of literature , is supposed to accomplish . the idea is simple enough . a new drug , developed from the bacteria that causes syphilis , is found to have the property of greatly increasing a person 's intelligence , but with major side effect - it kills the user in about nine months . the story follows one louis sacchetti , a conscientious objector to a seemingly interminable war , and who would already be considered to be a genius by most standards , as he is transferred from a standard prison to a facility specially constructed to see what will happen to its inmates when given this drug . the story is told through the means of a journal that louis is encouraged , almost forced , to keep . as this idea is extremely similar to that of daniel keyes ' flowers for algernon ( which was later made into the movie charly ) , comparison is invited . flowers emphasizes the tragedy of the hero , a man who struggles to find those bits of knowledge that will help not just himself but all mankind , up against an unbeatable problem , that of his own retreat to sub-normal intelligence again . camp concentration follows a completely different path , that of the essential selfishness of the individual , of nihilism , of the despair of ever being able to change humanity in any meaningful way . the inmates that louis initially documents are apparently using their greatly enhanced intelligence to investigate alchemy as a means of providing immortality , not for humanity in general , but for themselves and the 'warden ' of this prison , humphrey haast . louis , meanwhile , seems caught up in crafting new poems and a play , entitled 'auswitch , a comedy ' . the title is indicative of something disch does throughout this book , playing with names and titles to produce another layer of meaning behind the straightforward words , and is fairly effective in doing so . the tone is the primary thing here , a very dark , brooding atmosphere , enlivened by a very wide ranging vocabulary and many references , both buried and open , to other works of literature ( most especially dante ) , and scientific and psychological theories . readers who are not familiar with these references may feel a little lost at places in this book - at least i did , as my breadth of knowledge in these areas is clearly more limited than disch 's . but from this tone , disch develops his themes of the corruption of man , of his baser desires , the absolute horrors of what man is capable of , and where such capacity leads . as such , this book is almost the complete antithesis of flowers for algernon - that is , until the ending of this book . the ending of this book , i felt , rather drastically detracted from its overall message , as it does n't seem to fit with the rest , and has a little of a deus-ex-machina feel to it . given the many layered discourse that disch presented in the rest of the book , which while sometimes difficult to follow , was certainly excellent writing , this ending was a disappointment . while this is certainly a major entry into the dystopian side of science fiction literature , whether it truly qualifies as a 'classic ' will be , i 'm afraid , very much a matter of opinion for a long time to come . but it is certainly worth reading , if for nothing else than to see the darker side of genius competently presented . -- - reviewed by patrick shepherd ( hyperpat
this book consists of 29 stand-alone essays , beautifully written and previously published in the `` new england journal of medicine '' during the early seventies.from the first chapter : `` the viruses , instead of being single-minded agents of disease and death , now begin to look more like mobile genes ... we live in a dancing matrix of viruses ; they dart , rather like bees , from organism to organism , from plant to insect to mammal to me and back again , and into the sea , tugging along pieces of this genome , strings of genes from that , transplanting grafts of dna , passing around heredity as though at a great party . `` although there is no continuity from chapter to chapter , there are consistent threads of thought as the author free associates:1.there is a joyful attitude about science and discovery and abundant tidbits about the goings on of living things.2.there is constant reference to the interaction , symbiosis , and co-operative living arrangements amongst the different species.3.there are numerous references to the mindless activities of ants , bees , and termites , whose activities create sophisticated , developed projects without any evidence of central control . these examples are repeatedly compared to humans and their social activities , with the human emphasis being on language.4.the cell is the unit of life , complete with all its intricate inner workings . the cell membrane ( cell wall in plants ) is the protective layer that makes this unit of life possible.in the first chapter and frequently throughout , the author wants to think of the earth as a kind of organism , but he ca n't make it work - too big , too complex , too many working parts without visible connections . then in the last chapter , a better analogy emerges . the earth is like a huge cell and the protective atmosphere that shields us from meteors and cosmic rays is our cell membrane.this fine book is a precursor to books from the likes of carl sagan , richard feynman , and stephen jay gould . reading the chapters randomly is not a bad idea - each one is only four to six pages long and each gives the reader plenty to think about . amazingly , after 30 years , there is a little - but not much - in this book that is out of date . if you are a little rusty on biology , have your `` oxford dictionary of science '' handy . first class .
before getting this book , i knew the advantages for shooting with the raw file format , but dreaded the workflow issues associated . bruce 's book changed all that and now i ca n't wait to shoot using raw more often . not only did bruce throroughly explain the advantages of using raw , but he also tells you where adobe camera raw works better than photoshop , where photoshop works better than acr , and how to automate a few of the functions to improve your workflow dramatically . i ca n't begin to explain how much time i now save when processing raw files.it 's not a long book , but i have to say it has been one of the most helpful photoshop books i ever bought . i 'll never use my camera 's native raw software again
one good knight ( 2006 ) is the second fantasy novel in the tales of the five hundred kingdoms series , following the fairy godmother . in the previous volume , alexander and elena organized resistance to the invasion of fleurberg by a dark magician . after the death of the katschei , alexander and elena were wedded , becoming godmother and consort . then an order of champions was established at glass mountain , with alexander as their master , and elena was given charge of fleurberg in addition to her other kingdoms.in this novel , princess andromeda of acadia is nineteen years old , but is still considered a child by her mother , queen cassiopeia , and chief advisor solon adacritus . she writes a report on the merchants for a trade conference and impresses both the queen and the chief advisor . after that , her mother orders redecoration of the princess wing , appoints two ladies to design her wardrobe and jewelry , and assigns a steward to handle her affairs.andromeda is quite overwhelmed by this attention and augments her studies to further impress her mother . she notices that income from wrecked ships has grown due to an increase in the number and severity of storms . her studies and inquiries suggest that this increase is probably due to the manipulations of a great wizard . she reports this matter to her mother.afterward , andromeda is resting high up in a tree within the palace garden when she notices a strange flying creature . as it comes toward her , she recognizes that it is a dragon . then it reaches the palace and she observes that it is a very large dragon . it flames some high architectural features , grabs a couple of animals and flies away.the panic within the palace is phenomenal and the subsequent meeting of the queen 's advisors is very lively . andromeda has quickly reviewed the literature on dragons -- consisting mainly of myths and legends -- and reports to the advisors that the only known method of managing a dragon is the sacrifice of virginal maidens . the ensuing discussion is even livelier , mostly concerning the means of choosing such sacrifices.queen cassiopeia states that the only fair way to select sacrifices is by a lottery . after the spate of crazy volunteers dies down , a lottery is organized . some women find ways to disqualify themselves , but others are taken by the dragon . rumors begin spreading that anyone who speaks out against the queen is more likely to have a family member selected for the sacrifice . but then andromeda is selected.this novel is mostly about the influence of the tradition within the five hundred kingdoms . andromeda 's knowledge of the tradition comes in handy at various points in this quest.the queen has sent to glass mountain for a champion to fight the dragon , but the good knight does n't come forward as expected . someone has erected a magical barrier at the border to keep out such warriors . however , andromeda is sort of saved by a champion at the sacrificial site . andromeda convinces the knight to take her along as a guide and finally proves to the champion that she can be a help rather than a hindrance.they travel cross-country in the same direction that the dragon had flown , stopping for supplies here and there , and finally enter the wyrding lands . they encounter unicorns and a fox along the way before meeting the dragon and his brother . then andromeda learns that all is not as it seems.andromeda is nineteen and naive . then she is faced with one of the most difficult of issues : does her mother love her . while many events occur in this plot , this one issue is the crux of the story . even her interspecies romance with the younger dragon is only a temporary relief from this main concern.highly recommended for lackey fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of adventure , betrayal and romance.-arthur w. jordi
i suppose one of the great attributes of the internet is that it allows the juxtaposition of the good , the bad and the ugly . where else could one find reviews of one of the twentieth century 's towering works that variously describe it as a recipe for a police state , an incitement to theft , or as written by someone with no understanding of philosophy ( my personal favourite - thanks adrian !
these are true tales from a clinical neurologist 's notebook , but this is n't just any neurologist . oliver sacks , author of the justly celebrated , the man who mistook his wife for a hat ( 1986 ) and awakenings ( 1973 ) , which was later made into a movie starring robert deniro and robin williams , and other works , is a gifted writer with a fine sense of story and an even finer sense of humanity . he has a style that is both affecting and fascinating , yet studiously objective , a style laced with footnotes and clinical observations , historical comparisons and wisdom . part of the power of these tales , and of all of sacks 's work , is his ability to be totally engaged and to identify with the subject while part of him is off to the side observing with scientific impartiality . this makes for a compelling read . if you 've never read sacks before , you are in for a very special treat.these tales are paradoxical because `` defects , disorders , diseases '' can bring out `` latent powers , developments , evolutions , forms of life , that might never be seen or even be imaginable , in their absence . '' it is this `` 'creative ' potential , that forms the central theme of this book '' ( from sacks 's preface , page xvi ) .the first tale , `` the case of the colorblind painter '' is about a successful artist who worked in color all his life only to became colorblind at age sixty-five , and the effect this had on his life and work . the second , `` the last hippie '' is about an amnesiac man with a frontal lobe tumor that left him stranded in the sixties . sacks tells this sad , pathetic story with vivid detail , and characteristically ends it with a footnote , a footnote of such warmth and genuine identification that we are moved to tears . ( do n't skip the footnotes ! ) the third tale , `` a surgeon 's life , '' is an amazing account of a canadian surgeon with tourette 's syndrome . it is here that we begin to see the central theme of this book in brilliant illumination . dr. carl bennett , riddled with the bizarre tics characteristic of the disorder , compulsions that cause him to throw things , to touch things again and again in a ritualistic manner , to flail , jump and jerk about , nonetheless became a very successful ( and beloved ) doctor of surgery . sacks scrubs up with dr. bennett and goes into surgery with him , during which , miraculously , the tics disappear for however long it takes to complete the surgery . sacks visits him at home and meets his wife and two children , sees the dents in the refrigerator and on the walls , and comes away with a sense of how astounding the human potential to overcome adversity can be.the fourth tale , `` to see and not see , '' is about partially restored sight and how it was not a blessing . this sad story illustrates how sight is learned from infancy and is largely a constructive and interpretive function of the brain . this tale also lets us see how the world of the sightless can be rich and fulfilling beyond our imagination . in the fifth tale , `` the landscape of his dreams , we meet a gifted artist , franco magnani , who from memory alone recreates his home town of pontito , italy through his paintings . he has a nearly photographic , three-dimensional memory , but because of a strange illness that befell him when he was thirty-one , he cares only to re-create his pontito , not the people or events , but the houses , the masonry , the stones , and he does so continually with microscopic and affecting detail.the chapter `` prodigies , '' focuses on an autistic artist , stephen wiltshire , whom sacks is determined to befriend and understand . in this tale , and the concluding tale , `` an anthropologist on mars , '' sacks helps us to penetrate the world of the autistic and see it ( at least in my interpretation ) as an alternate view of reality , a view with its own strengths and weaknesses , a world that is just as true and valid as the `` normal '' one . of course severe autism is debilitating in the extreme , and even modest autism can permanently scar and alienate the autistic from society . yet , perhaps that is society 's loss . i even got the sense , in reading these concluding stories about autism , that perhaps theirs is an evolutionary `` strategy '' trying to emerge , that is , a different way of seeing and dealing with the world that also might work . i would not be shocked to discover some day that the autistic , with their sometimes extraordinary gifts of memory and concentration , are melded more completely and seamlessly into our usual consciousness , and that humankind is the better for it . incidentally , the last tale about temple grandin , who is a professor of animal studies at colorado state university , is remarkable because it is about an autistic who is completely integrated into the society , yet remains autistic . she is the one who says she sometimes feels , because of her different perspective , like `` an anthropologist on mars '' when she views `` normal '' people . sacks allows us to see why.bottom line : this is an extraordinary book of insight and scholarship about the human condition , written with grace and a deep sense of humanity , not to be missed
an excellent book for anyone that barbecues
fifteen years ago i purchased this book for the first time . today i am buying it as a gift for my son . i feel i am giving him the gift of life all over again . even though i raised all my children with vitamin c added to their diets , he seems to have fallen off the `` juice '' wagon ! linus pauling was not only brilliant but clear and concise . i only wish i had known he published a book on quantum mechanics a long time ago . i shall purchase that too at last and maybe i shall have an inkling of what it is all about
the book uses cartoons to emphasize the text . it 's always interesting to see what common words different cultures use to describe the human condition . wastes a lot of space , though . worth the price
greg and tim know what they are talking about and glad to add this book to my collection ! walt disney records deserved a treatment like this and it would make a great gift for the holidays ! a+++++++++++++++++
in this fully illustrated and remarkably brief book , hawking provides an overview of the state of theoretical physics at the dawn of the 21st century . the often dense text is supplemented by biographical details , witty asides , and ( especially ) luxuriously reproduced introductions.hawking covers a lot of territory in 200 pages ; he hopes to provide brief , non-intimidating summaries of recent concepts and new frontiers in science . there is astonishingly little text , and at times the pithiness , compactness , and occasional `` cuteness '' may work against readers ' understanding ; there 's perhaps too much shell and not enough nut here . some sections are so cursory that i suspect they will fail to make any sense at all to the untutored reader . ( this is especially true of several of the passages on imaginary time , event horizons , and brane world models . ) the text is aided greatly , however , by the beautifully rendered four-color illustrations . even if the concepts presented by these drawings seem fuzzy at first , the creativity and humor fused into moonrunner design 's artwork will attract , engage , and occasionally tease readers who might otherwise be frightened by the sight of a quadratic equation . overall , then , the book might have far more value as a refresher course for the beginner rather than as an introduction for the uninitiated . yet it 's certainly conceivable that somebody new to this material might be intrigued enough to explore these subjects further . if you 're looking for a book that will flesh out the concepts presented here , i strongly recommend ( as does hawking ) alan guth 's `` the inflationary universe '' or brian greene 's `` the elegant universe .
if a book makes me look forward to mid-life - i am all over it ! this book was actually required reading for my course study in human development - what a find ! here , harvard researcher and bestselling author , joan borysenko , takes the cycles of a woman 's life and divides them into 7 year increments . along the journey , she also makes a great case for debunking old myths about women and aging . ? that 's a big 10-4 , ms. borysenko ! i find myself constantly at odds with the `` beauty '' images that the media gives us . i mean , come on , why 'o why are we more often rewarding people for how they look and less for what they contribute to society ? perhaps it 's escapism - i tell myself ( in effort to sleep at night ) . yet , after reading borsyenko 's , book i 'm reminded that , yes , it 's good to follow intellectual pursuits . and , yes , there 's differences between women and men . according to borysenko , women are most often motivated by what they can contribute to society , family , and how to make a difference in the world . men tend to define themselves by their work . most telling ! anyhow , i wo n't give away the store here - but in my opinion , if you are of the female persuasion , you will not want to miss this read .
immediately upon starting dickens ' `` our mutual friend , '' i was struck by parallels with dumas ' `` the count of monte cristo . '' both big novels revolve around a powerful character who conceals his identity in a complicated plot to obtain social justice . the count deals with the darker theme of revenge . our mutual friend is an exploration of the corrupting influence of wealth.the novel is lively throughout , as dickens displays his tremendous diversity of writing talents . the tone ranges from heavily ironic criticism of upper-class politics and antisemitism , to delicate romance , to witty visual humor . the characterizations are highly original ; even those at the extremes of vice and virtue display engaging ideosyncracies.most impressive to me was the consistency of dickens ' plot . our mutual friend was written and published in installments , as was the count of monte cristo . but dickens keeps his story on track throughout , never dropping a character , while dumas ' tale is full of gaps and inconsistencies
i read this book several months ago , and i still ca n't shake the feeling of having read a very , very good book . the effect of yourcenar 's words still lingers.the text is an imagined valedictory letter or speech from emperor hadrian to his successor . the emperor himself is dying , and faces a world that he is about to leave behind . he recalls his life , from being a young boy in his native spain , to his ascension to the highest public post imaginable , that of emperor of rome . just as his professional career was incredible , so is the generosity and candidness of his `` confession '' . there is seemingly no secret nook left untouched from his personal life . in the end , having cast that final weight , his conscience , from off his shoulders , the emperor is at last able to turn away from one world and face another - that of the gods .
this book is very readable because it is oriented to the general reader . chapter 1 gives his short autobiography as to why he became an anthropologist , and his experiences in kenya . a forensic pathologist is a medical doctor trained in pathology . a forensic anthropologist has a ph.d. and studied anthropology , specializing in the human skeletal system . chapter 3 tells about his laboratory , and the tools used for his work . chapter 4 has many of the cases he worked on . chapter 5 notes that most dismemberments result from the drug trade or motorcycle gangs . the interstate highway system provides arteries for crimes and serial killers . ( p.63 ) . chapter 6 discusses cases of suicide . many people kill themselves without intending to . it is important to distinguish between murder and suicide ( p.86 ) . page 87 tells why florida has an inordinate number of suicides . chapter 7 explains how forensic anthropology developed in response to murders . this chapter discusses some famous cases of this relatively young science . page 101 tells how to distinguish between bone from rock by taste ! chapter 8 says bones are not solid and unchanging , they are constantly reshaping themselves.in chapter 9 maples tells of the use of capital punishment ( p.128 ) , and discusses the various methods ( pp.129-131 ) . he seems emotionally involved . chapter 10 informs us about cremation . chapter 11 has maples ' most difficult and most fascinating and perplexing case . the two dead in high springs fl were linked to a shocking double murder in new hampshire ( p.152 ) . page jennings ' parents made a big , fatal mistake in sending their daughter so far away after her failure as a freshman ( p.164 ) . chapter 12 deals with the mia in vietnam , about 2200 compared to the 8170 in korea . hollywood movies created this popular image of captured men ( p.187 ) . a `` delusion '' ( p.188 ) ? maples describes the us army central identification laboratory that identifies remains recovered from vietnam . page 202 tells what happened at the executive office building . chapter 13 tells of his investigation to recognize the skeleton of pizarro , and correct an old mistake . the exhumation of president zachary taylor and the tests for arsenic poisoning are told in chapter 14 . page 224 tells of his importance to those times : he backed free states in the new territories . his replacement changed his policies.chapter 15 may be the most historically important . maples was part of a team that identified the bones of tsar nicholas and his family . maples draws political conclusions from `` rotten , neglected teeth '' ( p.259 ) . chapter 16 tells of the murder of five college students over two days in gainesville florida . maples identified the murder weapon ( pp.271-273 ) . the book concludes with the complaint that states are not funding forensic anthropologists , who are few and far between , especially in florida ( pp.278-279 ) . florida is `` the most crime-ridden state in the union '' . that is a political decision for each state government . this recalls the most realistic portion of `` quincy , m.e . `` : whenever quincy wanted to do more research , his manager often said `` there 's no money in the budget '' !
i got this book when it first came out and read it straight away.i absoloutely loved it and highly reccomend it.lief is trying to be a great ruler , but ca n't , not with the famine and death in deltora.but with a perilious map , our heroes set out to destroy the four sisters that are causing the deaths in deltora.an exceptional addition to the previous books and is reccomended to fans who want a little more adventure in their reading.well done emily rodda ! i like this book as much as all the others , this is the best deltora series and i say it proudly , but after all , deltora quets has n't finished , not yet
if you have n't read this book , i would make it top prority ! this book is fantastic ! there hasnt been anything close to it yet . she is an outstanding writer and produces wonderful stories ! better grab a tissue , its a tear-jerker
drenched with light and clarity , this book is an empowering and practical guide to accessing one 's inner wisdom . reading marcia emery 's book inspires joy , and the freedom of true knowledge and acceptance of oneself . marcia emery 's various exercises for communicating with your inner wisdom are not only effective , but will put you in touch with an infinite source of love and joy . awaken your intuition - and more energy than you 've ever known
it took cancer to wake me up . i now do everything i can to inform my family and friends of the of the importance of a health lifestyle and eating habits . this author also wrote `` what you do n't know may be killing you '' these two books are great to accidently leave at a loved ones home . they are filled with tons of improtant messages and very easy to relate to examples are given that help you understand what actually is happening to your body . my dad has gone from drinking no water to probably half of what he needs but this is a start , he will read more the next time i leave another book by accident ... this author is great !
the knot is an awesome book with everything you 'd need to keep track of your your wedding planning . i got this book and have been incredibly happy with it . i recommend going to their website as well to find additional information : theknot.com . there is also a helpful website : createyourownweddingwebsite.com that walks you through how to create a wedding website for your special day . ( that 's how i found this book ! ) i recommend buying this book !
for anybody , who wish to learn about the orthodox church , and christianity in general for that matter , this book is `` must-read '' .
having spent five years trying to establish an open-source software platform standard , in retrospect it would have been awfully nice to have had this book . if you 're going to compete with the big commercial firms you have to be comparable to or better than they are in as many areas as possible
if you are young , under 30 , this is a good guide to help you figure out your path through the minefields of trying to understand the other sex . if you are older , this is a good refresher course on things you may have already learned ( or things that you missed ) in the school of everyday life . for both younger and older readers this is a very good tool to help you understand yourself and others .
i expected a fabbo edge-of-the-seat read . what i did n't expect was that this pomo thriller would provide a passel of top-flight management secrets to its unsuspecting readers . from the opening pages of the book , as wylie jones prepares to depart on a `` business trip '' of unspecified duration , to the penultimate chapter , when a revitalized wylie and his attentive amanuensis wrap up a deal on the left coast , this beach-bag zinger is chock full with the sorts of advice , hints , tips , and warnings that help to build healthy management brains in twelve ways ! think of it as a kind of business allegory . wylie 's cross-country odyssey is what might happen if robert fulghum were to meet john gardner trundling down the road on his reality bike , set fire to robertson davies ' beard , and then move on over to the highway hacienda for corn dogs and a brew with none other than warren buffet , everyone 's favorite grassroots investor . i totally loved it . it gets my absolute highest rating
this book is the best book about baby face nelson , i enjoyed reading this book greatly . everything you wanted to know about lester gillis is in this book . every part of his life was explained in great detail ; the authors did not leave anything out . i highly recommend this book to people who are into the depression era gangsters
definitely a wonderful book . for those following the teachings of the other books , this book provides more useful information . the path that castaneda elucidated is fraught with controvery and extreme views ( read the other reviews ) . i found it useful to read and judge for myself . what castaneda wrote about is not fiction however it is a difficult path that very few ever advance upon , thus the angry reviews of those calling castaneda a fraud due to their own failure . its also a path that those given to fantasy and believing in their own 'specialness ' jump on and thus follow blindly with no lasting gains , making up their experience as they go and making sure others hear about it.definitely not a path for everyone but certainly open to sober verification . also a great book for those looking for a well written and gripping book.i believe castaneda 's genius as well as his contribution to mankind is yet to be fully appreciated . i am grateful for the gift of his writings and wisdom
i enjoyed this book immensely . remember , the subtitle is `` my friendship with jfk , jr. '' , the book is about the author and his friendship with john . it 's not meant to be a historical view of jfk and his presidency.why is it ok for carole radiwill to write a book about her relationship with jfk , jr. and carolyn but not ok for billy noonan ? because he was n't on oprah.lighten up .
i think halo 2 is more challenging , and its espesialy fun when you invite some buddys to play multyplayer even just 1 on 1 if you get it i would also wait for the multyplayer map pack wich will give you 9 new levels my final word is i hope you enjoy it as much as i did
the spiritual quest made understandable . tolle is able to communicate new ways of thinking that are life changing , and are not so esoteric to make you say `` huh ? `` . i would read `` the power of now '' first
this is a great beginners book . it 's easy to read and follow along . silver 's other books are great to start out with as well . other great starter books are `` wicca '' by scott cunningham , '' witch crafting '' & `` book of shaddows '' by phyllis curott , these authors will help you get started very well . also i recommend `` the witches almanac '' by elizabeth pepper , this is a witches must have on her shelf . happy readings ... ..
i am a chemistry major and so i really like this book , however when i initially started o-chem , i did get a little intimidated by perusing through this textbook . so i suggest , to people who were in a similar position as me to also have a look at hornback or mcmurry . the text isnt an `` advanced '' textbook perse ( after a good grounding in the basics for three days , i found this book quite user friendly ) , its organization is completely different to most other o-chem textbooks and its presentation of ideas is purely mechanistic . both of which are ideally good things for chemistry majors who require the quintessential knowledge of structure and its impact on function and reactivity.an examples is that when introducing orbitals , and orbital interaction ; greeves et al quickly go to homo and lumo based discussions and their impact on bonding and antibonding.wade and mcmurry leave this , one of the most important principles in defining nuclephiles and electrophiles till later.a second example would be the appropriate structural implications of nucleophiles and electrophiles with respect to vacant orbitals , lone pairs and charge . these are the things used to identify em.as such , the book isnt fragmented . each chapter has its specific niche topic and thereofore individuals get a complete understanding of various topics and their implications on the overall organic chemistry . chapters are well referenced so if , say you are only interested in nmr then you can skip chapters and read only those pertaining to that subject and yet still get a good understanding . most textbooks act like a stupid monologue , miss a passage and you 'd completely miss organic chem.the chapter on reaction mechanisms is excellant , it actually is better than most primers developed in explaining this concept ( i.e . jacobs ) . however , the organization and the concentration of information within chapters may be daunting to individuals who havent had enough experience in general chemistry . principles of structure and reactivity are assumed knowledge . organic chemistry in most universities are taken by biology and chemistry majors . for individuals who are only doing one unit of organic chemistry ; i would suggest you look elsewhere . a substitute ( a less difficult but equally comprehensive textbook for people lacking experience in chemistry ) is hornback 's which is renowned for its lucid mechanistic explantion of organic chemistry .
thank you for sharing laci and your story with me . this book is superbly written and shares with the reader a mother 's love for her daughter and angst over her murder . how tragic to lose laci . how disgusting & heartwrenching what you had to endure since laci went `` missing '' . i highly recommend this book to all . beautifully written by a loving a mother
nine months ago i was hired to help turnaround a once successful business . from day one i realized that this was a company without focus . it 's one thing to define a problem , another to find a solution . haneberg 's book was a shot in the arm . just one concept -- `` stop multitasking '' -- would have been a major breakthrough for my team . and , personally , the idea of doing `` one great thing '' has completely revitalized my approach to a huge job . this book immediately rose to the rank of three or four `` must read '' titles in my business library . in the couple of months since i first read it ( and i 've re-read it a couple of times ) our department has moved far away from the reactive mode that drove decisions -- we 're nailing deadlines , we 're closing more sales , we 're thinking more strategically across the board . in a business and social environment that throws more at us day-by-day , hour-by-hour , this book is even more important than it would have been just a few years ago . we 're all doing more with less -- and this is a book that has helped me see order amid the chaos of conflicting priorities . if it 's true , as woody allen says , that 98 % of success is showing up , then the other 2 % is knowing how to keep your eye on the ball once you get there . this is the manual for getting your business -- and your life -- where you want it to be
to learn some italian before visiting italy , i tried multiple language-learning programs borrowed from my local library . some were ridiculous , many required using a workbook . then i stumbled on the pimsleur program , which is totally audio , allowing me to learn italian while i drove to and from work . due to the pedagogically- sound method pimsleur developed for language learning , i actually did learn some basic italian . as a result i bought `` conversational italian . '' though i 've never considered myself adept at language-learning , i actually felt confident in my ablility to learn italian as a result of these cds . i 've raved about them to friends who have expressed interest in learning a language
my boyfriend bought from the earth to the moon , and since he is an astrophysics student i expected that he would have enjoyed finding about people 's conceptions about going to the moon at that early time . he however summed up the book by saying that it contained a lot of basic things did n't make much sense . well , from a layman 's perspective i found from the earth to the moon engaging . it goes into the technical aspects of going to the moon and involves a reasonable amount of logic , physics and astronomy . even from my scientifically deprived perspective , a lot of things in the book did n't make much sense , such as the actual method of getting to the moon , but this does n't really take away from the book - it adds greatly to its appeal . the book contained some bizarre bits of humour and its whimsical nature never bordered into the ridiculous . i was kept wondering how much of this was actually going to work , and what these poor souls were going to come up with next . compared to twenty thousand leagues under the sea and even journey to the centre of the earth however , from the earth to the moon is noticeably less imaginative . verne uses everyday objects and ideas to make his ideas a reality , and much unlike his other works , does n't stray far from the earthly . some people may feel cheated by the predictable conclusion , but all in all from the earth to the moon is a good read . if you drop at the sight of f ( x ) = y , then this book is not for you because it involves some logical thinking , centripetal forces and the like which may be hard to assimilate . if you really know your physics theory then you may not appreciate the book either because of the theoretical meanderings that may have limited basis today . if you , like me are somewhere in the middle of these two extremes then from the earth to the moon is definitely worth your time .
suze orman is excellent in providing advise on all aspects of your financial present and future . it is full on tons of advise covering all avenues of your financial life . very helpful and resoruceful
the book and accompanying dvd are being used in a class i am taking on photoshop elements 4 . both of them make it much easier to understand what 4 is capable of and how to use the program , especially the tools . without instruction , complimented by 1 on 1 , i would not be able to use even a small percentage of the power of 4 . 1 on 1 goes step by step in 12 chapters of `` how to '' fix , enhance , organize , and share photos
`` when i first came to iran , black clad women all seemed the same . scary unsmiling servants of the ayatollas '' having visited the islamic republic of iran in june , i was better prepared for that vast country portrayed by elaine sciolino in her book persian mirrors . i am more than grateful for this book , which alerted me to the diversity of cultures , and the general way of life so absolutely different from the western world.elaine sciolino made me so very aware of the perfect social world of the iranians and also i am thrilled to say that once you make a friend of an iranian , you have a friend for life.my most treasured memories of iran will never leave me and i thank ms sciolino for preparing me for that journey . reviewed by heather marshall negahdar ( sugar-cane 11/10/05 )
if it was n't hard , everyone would do it . hard 's what makes it great . '' manager jimmy duggan ( tom hanks ) , of the rockrod peaches to his all-world catcher dottie hinson ( geena davis ) in penny marshall 's `` a league of their own '' ( 1992 ) .i always think of that quote when i read these `` discussions '' of the great ( and sometimes the not so great ) philosophers in the amazon reviews . on the one hand we have the `` professional '' philosophers/ph.d'swho appreciate the difficulty of their craft . on the other hand we have the `` almost were 's '' /undergraduates who can not abide the effort it takes to decipher prose that seems unnecessarily dense . and that is how it should be , else everyone would do it , and those of us with ph.d. 's and tenure track jobs at good colleges and universities would be out of jobs and out of luck ! as for kant , let 's all be glad he 's not on the job market
indispensable for many areas of theological research - church history , dogmatic overviews , biographies , editions , and so many many other things.a masterpiece ! if i could afford it , i would give everybody who press the `` yes '' button by `` was this review helpful to you ? '' a copy ! : -
i used this book as a student and still use it for teaching . pieces are nice and students are challenged to think musically . it moves quicker than some other method books ; it covers materials from elementary to early intermediate . upon completion of the first grade book students can play standard repertoire in the early intermediate level . students must have completed early elementary level before using this book because this book starts with playing two hands in c position . emphasize phrasing from the first piece . highly recommended
wonderful text . helps to rationalize and boost understanding on why cubans living in miami have such foreign behaviors in the eyes of the outsider . the author takes you by the hand , and walks you step by step . absolutely wonderful and did an excellent job at steering clear of any bias
this is a straightforward description of reading and writing the arabic script . if you have no experience with arabic i think you would still need to locate a teacher or native speaker as some of the letters are very difficult to pronounce as native english speakers.however for the most part its easy to follow and would give you a great start , especially before you take an arabic course.if it came with a cassette with pronouciation i would have given it 5 stars
compiled , arranged and edited by sara st. antoine , stories from where we live : the great lakes is a delightful and enthusiastically recommended anthology of stories , essays , and poems drawn from a diversity of talented authors , all of whom are celebrating the richness of daily life and the wilds of the great lakes region of north america . suitable for young readers of all ages , these memorable tales and stories are enhanced with simple black-and-white illustrations to make the land , its creatures , and the people who saw and settled upon it come alive
consisting entirely of descriptions of fantastical cities supposedly reported by marco polo to kublai khan , calvino 's fiction is sui generis , a completely original mixture of fable and philosophy that is even more imaginative than his more critical theory-oriented `` if on a winter 's night a traveler . '' this is the kind of novel borges might have written . a celebration of the unbridled imagination , `` invisible cities '' is also , i am convinced , a secret love letter to a single city : the imaginary dream-city of venice , a place that exists partly as its own reflection in the sea
this book is beautifully constructed , concise , gracefully written , and should be of immense help to most golfers . if you 've read ernest jones , percy boomer , or jimmy ballard ( for example ) and enjoyed the insights but found it difficult to transfer the written word to your swing , try `` the keys ... '' : you will read a book that may finally lead you to improve your game . my swing improved markedly after i came to understand author mcteigue 's `` lighthouse turn '' ( lesson two : momentum ) .
this is an excellent , fascinating and insightful read . dr guarneri knows her stuff and has writen this book well . she wrote it because obviously we need to think about nutrition , cholesterol and excercise , but there are deeper issues too like peoples emotions . she believes that heart problems can be caused by the stress 's in our lives and our emotions - we could litterally die of a broken heart . emotional events can weaken heart muscles . you produce stress hormones when you are upset which raise blood sugars and blood pressure etc which ultimately weaken or can destroy the heart . she talks about this in the book and on the flip side , talks about happy people too and how positive emotions and feelings do good for our hearts . when we are happy , our hearts beat in a coherent rythym . she says we have to look at our hearts in various ways . we need to look at it as a pump to keep us alive but to also look at the emotional heart , the mental heart and the spiritual heart in order to keep us healthy . i believe she knows her stuff and she wrote this well and has made it totally interesting and it 's looking at our hearts in a different way from other books on the same subject.if you have a healthy and happy outlook on life , you will also have a happy and healthy heart
first off , this book is very entertaining to read . unlike many political books , it is never tedious or redundant . `` thieves in high places '' is an accurate portrayal of what is wrong with both parties in america . it is also informative and insightful on the roles of big corporations in american politics and local economies . this book is a call to arms against large corporations that put locally owned businesses under , companies that use child labor overseas , and the entire americal political system . this book empowers the common man in his fight for an egalitarian society , fair wages for all , and a real equal oppurtunity at an education . i loved this book , it was a pleasure to read , and confirmed everything that disuades me about america today . it is worth a read
this book is so awesome ! ! ! it has so much great info in it . it is a book that is so easy to read before you know it your done . it makes you really think about your relationship prior affair and after affair . what went wrong and were it went wrong at . it offers so many was to open up communication and how to talk to one another without fighting . there isnt enough things to say how awesome this book is . must have for anyone in a bad situation . it has a questionnaire at the end that both partners can do and an agreement for both partners to read and sign . it helps lift your spirit and makes you think that this isnt the end of the world and that you can make it through . i have a new found hope for my marriage and a new attitude towards everything . i am looking at the bigger picture and the brighter side of things . i am alive and i still have my family and my husband . we go to thearpy and with all the great info in this book just put what we have learned into action and hopefully great results will be the outcome . get this book you wont regret it ! ! !
amazing . one or probably the most impressive paintor 's book i have . not easy subjects sometimes , but anyway , always beautiful
`` the great locomotive chase '' is the stuff of legend . this somewhat obscure event , which commemorated the first anniversary of the first shots on fort sumter , could too easily be written off among civil war devotees as a lark , a foolhardy distraction from the inexorable march from shiloh to the seven days , to second manassas , to the three more years of bloodletting that were required in order to form a more perfect union . but first-time author russell bonds does a masterful job of taking this adventure story on its own terms , telling it well , and placing it in its proper context . the raid itself is a gripping story of intrigue , espionage , and derring-do . and if mr. bonds had only told the tale itself , this book would be well worth the read . but what sets this distinguished this book apart from so much civil war writing is mr. bonds 's ability to tell this gripping tale objectively , while putting it in its proper context . the author sets the table with a relatively brief yet thorough overview of the strategic arrangement of the war nine months after first manassas . and by doing so , and by explaining why the raid , coupled with the deep penetration of general ormsby mitchell into tennessee and north alabama , offered the fleeting chance to cut the confederacy in two and thereby hasten the end of the war , mr. bonds gives the otherwise reckless lan of the raiders its proper place . andrews and his raiders were not off on a lark , even though students of the era will have the natural reaction , `` what were they thinking ? '' mr. bonds answers that question , and the answer , as incongruous as it may seem , reminds the reader that there was so much more to the great war than the epic battles of the armies of the potomac and northern virginia . if the author had done nothing more than told the story of the great raid , reconciling contemporary accounts that were so often embellished , this would be a wonderful adventure story , in the great tradition of shelby foote 's narrative history of the war . but this book does so much more . it puts the raid in its proper strategic context , and it tells the story of the gallant raiders after the raid itself failed . this book will satisfy both the devoted civil war critic and the general reader who loves a historical tale well-told .
miller knows his subjects ( the people ) and his subject ( their desperation ) with a clarity and fearlessness that most people would prefer to avoid . viewing his photographs are no easier a task than living wholly and honestly . skinheads , speedfreaks , tenderloin whores , friends and neighbors . lucid , terrifying , and ultimately beautiful photographs from a man of the same qualities
the book is really thorough when it comes to showing how to do proper lifting techniques with the kettlebell in different variations.it 's great for a beginner who is starting out .
stephen king has written another attention grabber . i read , and listened , as i have both the paperback and the audio book . i found this book great , as it follows both the imaginary and the real sides of life . i found that as i read the book , i really would like to visit the library that is described in the book . this book follows down a strange path , emerging in what could almost be explained as a real story of fact in the past . i recommend this novel , and the audio book as the narrator does a great job , it will not dissapoint as `` everything 's eventual '' did , in my opinion . good luck and good reading ! ( note : the audio version of this book is narrated by frank muller . anyone who has listened to stephen king audio books has sure to have been wowwed by frank muller . in this audio book recording , frank muller 's voice is almost unrecognizable and amazing as he plays this roll . frank muller and audio books are truly like movies for your mind )
'the interface between the written and the oral ' is a comprehensive look at the development of writing in general and alphabets in particular , oral poetry in ancient greece and modern africa , oral transmission of ( written ) vedas , the impact of writing on recently oral cultures in west africa , and the impact of writing on our own abilities of thought and organization . perhaps the most disheartening , but nonetheless informative section , deals with the counterintuitive measures that social scientists have come up with to measure the impact of literacy . they seem to be lacking in common sense . goody , however , is full of common sense , and this book is excellent reading
steven pinker has written a fascinating account of how language works ; how we , as listeners , process the sounds that make up words and sentences in a way that allows us to extract meaning . the book is clear , entertaining and very accessible ; pinker 's writing style is witty and engaging.my appreciation of the book is not only as a reader and enthusiast of language , but also as a writer ; despite having been writing for years , and having studied numerous books on writing style and technique , it is `` the language instinct '' that positively impacted my writing more than anything else that i 've read ; an understanding ( at least a partial one - i 'm no expert ) of the way your words will be parsed by the brain of your reader can be very valuable in one 's attempt to write clearly and well.i highly , highly recommend this book to anyone interested in learning something new , and being entertained in the process.danny inyauthor of `` ordinary miracles - harness the power of writing and get your point across ! '' ( isbn 1-4116-7252-6
` the savory way ' is an early ( 1990 ) book from leading vegetarian cookbook author , deborah madison so , as ms. madison has a new book on the way , i thought it was high time for me to catch up with her body of work so i can give an informed review of how her new volume fits into her other books.ms . madison is a former colleague of alice waters and lindsey shere at chez panisse who specializes in a very general way , like mollie katzen and madhur jaffrey , on dishes that fit into a vegetarian lifestyle . note that the term ` vegetarian ' , especially as used by these three authors , is extremely misleading , as it is much more appropriate to say that they construct meals of everything under the sun except meat , fowl , fin fish and shell fish . both madison and jaffrey make extensive use of milk , cheese , yoghurt , and eggs.madison 's objective in this book is , in fact , to cover as broad as possible a survey of what can be done without using animal flesh . the book 's title may be a bit misleading to some foodies in that ` savory ' is often one of the words used to divide dishes in two great groups of ` savory ' and ` sweet ' . this book in fact includes two rather long chapters on sweets.a first look at this book shows lots of headnotes to the many recipes . the first thing you need to know if you are put off by ` chatty ' recipe books is that these notes are almost exclusively devoted to an understanding of the cooking involved with the recipe and how to get the best results from your ingredients . while little stories about the historical provenance of a recipe may interest many , including myself , that is not what this book is about . on top of this , i firmly agree with the blurbed opinion from mollie katzen who compliments both her cuisine and her writing . almost all professional culinary writers are pretty good , or have an excellent copy editor at work on their prose , but ms. madison is a food service professional who writes very well . i often wish the soon to be beknighted jamie oliver had a bit more talent with words , as i find his books so comforting in spite of the heavy contribution from his editors.the very first attraction of the book is its table of contents , which lists every single recipe title in the front of the book . this is doubly useful in that this relatively long book divides recipes into chapters covering eleven different types of dishes suitable for just about any time of the day , including a good selection of recipes very good for breakfast . the eleven recipe chapters are : quick bites with 40 pages of recipes for sandwiches , toasts , and spreads.salads to start or make a meal with 42 pagessoups and stews with 50 pages of thick , thin , and pureed soups , including a new one with my favorite fall ingredient , chestnuts.eighteen quick pasta dishes for five and company , 32 pagesstovetop vegetables , 27 pages of sautes and braises.baked and roasted vegetables , 25 pages with ratatouille , gratins , tians , and other goodies.grilled vegetables and their sauces , 11 pages with two to six sauces per grilled dish.down to earth , 26 pages on rice , potatoes and beans ( although beans appear throughout all chapters ! ) morning foods for day and night , 26 pages of eggs and cheese and cereals and breads.finishing touches , 31 pages of sauces , salsas , condiments , dressings , pastes , and you name it.desserts , 45 pages on fruit dishes , cream cheeses , pastries , and custardssweetmeats , 12 pages on sweet pastes , peels , syrups , dried fruits , and other dessert dressings.every recipe i examined is relatively simple to prepare with fewer expensive or rare ingredients than you may find with jaffrey or jack bishop , and great tips on understanding the recipes and the ingredients.the appendix is just right for the occasional home cook who is lost in the forest of equipment you can find in a first rate kitchen supply store such as the second floor at zabars . ms. madison puts it all in perspective by highlighting all my favorite tools such as gratin and tian pots , the mortar and pestle , a few good knives , the food mill and the pizza stone and peel . the chapter on the pantry has lots for the novice and a few good tips for the foodie , such as the fact that mexican olive oils can be very spicy . possibly the best items in the appendix are the lists of dishes for special purposes such as entertaining , feeding large groups , and fitting into a low fat diet ( note that for the number of recipes in this book , this low fat list is surprisingly short ) .the list of sources is short with no internet sites provided , but i recognize that virtually all of these vendors are still in business . the bibliography is also brief , but hits all the right titles , especially joy larkcom 's excellent ` the salad garden'.this book is a great resource for ` liberal ' vegetarians who simply eschew meat . i would add this to madhur jaffrey 's ` world vegetarian ' , peter berley 's ` the modern vegetarian kitchen ' , and jack bishop 's ` the complete italian vegetarian ' to create a great core vegetarian library . i can not at this time compare this to ms. madison 's other books , as this is the first i have read , although i sense many of her more recent books have a narrower scope , focusing on vegetable dishes . i plan to review her other books in the next few days.highly recommended for both vegetarians and foodies in general .
i truly enjoyed northern lights . ms. roberts ways with words are so descriptive and it kept me going with the mystery and growing love between the two characters in this book . i truly enjoy nora roberts , she is an excellent writer . i can not wait to read more of her newer writings as well as her older writings .
one of the things i like about this book for young readers is that the same vocabulary words are repeated throughout the series so that the kids can build on what they learned in one book while they 're reading the next.at first , i was disappointed with the series since i did n't think it did justice to the little house series that i treasured myself as a girl . after a few reads , however , i see that the magic of laura ingalls wilder 's stories shines through in this series with renee graef 's illustrations . how else do you explain to a four-year-old what a log cabin is really like ? i am surprised how many `` how.. '' and `` why ... '' questions this series has provoked . regarding this book in particular , my daughter asked about a million questions about the maple syrup-making process
the sunday philosophy club , and the other 2 titles in this series by john mccall smith , are everything the fans of mme ramotswe would hope they would be . leaving botswana was hard , but now we are in edinborough scotland , and isabelle dalhousie is as wise and vulnerable and real and wonderful as her african predecessor . it is a miracle that a man can write his women characters so believably and so lovably . it is another miracle that anyone can write such absorbing , cozy , engrossing books . this is good literature and good fun . the sunday philosophy club along with friends , lovers , chocolate , and the more recent the right attitude toward rain , are too wonderful to miss . welcome to scotland
our book club read this book for our february 2006 selection . it was a really good book , we were all excited about discussing it . mr. johnson sent us discussion questions that really made us think.a few members felt that denmark never loved sierra but saw her more as property . the book definitely has some suprises that you do n't see coming . we really enjoyed the book.sistahs of ebony pages
hacker 's challenge 2 is a sort of practical exam for the hacking exposed series . hacker 's challenge was a terrific book for putting some incident response and forensic skills to use and practicing for the real thing . hacker 's challenge 2 continues the tradition and should be a must read for anyone who works with network security and incident response . the style of the challenges is fairly entertaining and the plots are so engaging you may not want to put the book down . its like a best-selling mystery novel for network security techies . it may not affect the quality of the book overall , but i preferred having the authors of the individual challenges identified as they were in hacker 's challenge . however , you should definitely buy this book ! ( ...
this was one of the first books that i picked up after my divorce 17 plus years ago . i knew that i was giving these men all my love , but even with all the love i was giving them they were treating me like i did not matter . knowing there is a problem is the first step and what a huge step that is . after reading this book the light bulb went on with a bang and it has never gone off . i have struggled with relationhsip issues , but at least i know what is going on and with each relationship i got better and better until i got it right . i learned i had to read the signs that i chose to ignore for some many years . i have been in a healthy relationship now for 8 years with a man that shows me his love ( along with telling me ) and treats me the way i deserve .
`` the case for faith '' is the weakest volume in a strong series . strobel 's format is fun and engaging . i find his books as `` un-put-downable '' as any blockbuster page-turner . strobel holds a degree from yale law school , and he was an award-winning legal editor at the chicago tribune . he begins with a question : `` does historical evidence support the historicity of jesus ? does current science support the existence of a creator god ? does it make sense to have faith in god ? '' and then travels north america , interviewing acknowledged , academic experts on the question at hand . some rather shrill and not entirely rational attacks on the web protest : `` but , strobel 's books are n't fair , because he only presents one side ! '' perhaps these individuals missed the titles of these books , titles that appear quite prominently on the covers of the books . the first three words of each title is , `` the case for ... '' no , strobel is not presenting the case *against* his topic ; he does n't represent himself as doing so . our christophobic media and academia presents that case relentlessly ; why should strobel waste paper and time doing that , when that is obviously not what he purports to be doing ? strobel 's accounts of his interviews of the experts are always reader-friendly , but he never talks down to his reader . if you do n't want to wade through the all too often alienating prose of too much academic writing , but want to get to the nub of the issue , strobel is your man.these techniques worked excellently in `` the case for a creator '' and `` the case for christ , '' but less well in `` the case for faith . `` there are three remarkably strong episodes in the book ; these episodes highlight what the rest of the book lacks . in the introduction , strobel interviews canadian evangelist turned atheist charles templeton . templeton presents a righteous , enraged case *against* god , and then , tearfully , admits how much he continues to adore jesus , and , indeed , to miss him . this wrenching passage masterfully captures the dilemma of many who have a love-hate relationship with their creator.in a few brief pages that serve as coda to chapter one , which addresses the question of suffering , strobel 's friend marc harrienger talks about his own pain when his wife ran over their child with the family car . this very brief account is testimony to the power of faith , even in the face of profound suffering . in another brief passage , strobel tells of his friend ron bronski , who went from being a vicious criminal to being a christian minister . these highly personal passages are what i will remember best from this book ; they were the most rewarding to read . the formal interviews with the experts did n't do a lot for me , and some were alienating . norman geisler 's treatment of the slaughter of the amalakites alienated me with its coldness and divorce from human concerns . it may be true that in war , children are killed with their adults -- when the us bombed german and japanese cities during ww ii we killed children as well as adults -- but any attempt to address such killings would have to be delivered with more compassion than geisler manages to convey . too , there is doubt , if not complete disbelief , among archaeologists as to whether these wars of conquest ever took place ( see israel finkelstein . ) the chapter entitled `` church history is littered with oppression and violence '' was especially weak , compared to other treatments of the same material . strobel 's treatment of the witch trials could have been improved with insights from lyndal roper 's work . strobel does n't handle understandings of nazism as a christian phenomenon well at all.the insistence that nazism was a christian phenomenon is revisionist and divorced from historical fact , and that should be made immediately clear as day in any discussion of the matter . nazism was a pagan and a scientific phenomenon . the pagan swastika was to replace the christian cross . scientific approaches to what constitutes life worthy of life was to replace `` weak '' christian ideas about humanity 's unity as god 's children and the value of all life . this is not made clear enough in strobel 's account . all in all , i have to say i 've encountered better treatments of the question of faith in other books ... and yet , strobel is such a good writer , and his technique is so engaging , that you could do worse than to read this book . read the other two books in the series first , though .
april of 1865 has been referred to as the month that saved america but april of 1861 may have been just as vital if not more so . it was during this time that washington dc sat completely surrounded by two states that were teetering on the verge of secession . once virginia did leave the union only maryland provided the federal government with a connection to the rest of the nation and it was a tenuous connection at best . abraham lincoln was clearly out of his league in this early stage of the game and he leaned heavily on general winfield scott . for his part , scott was keenly aware of the danger facing washington and began to immediately call for any militia units that could get to dc quickly from loyal northern states . the problem was that these militia units would have to travel through maryland , a slave state that might well consider these yankee troops to be invaders and could easily be pushed into the confederacy by such an affront to state sovereignty . it was also distinctly possible that these militia units might be attacked by not only the people of maryland but also ultimately by the state militia.in the meantime virginia forces had seized the federal armory at harper 's ferry and the gosport navy yard near hampton virginia . rumors are rampant in dc that the virginia militia that had taken harper 's ferry was preparing to move on washington and many in the federal city were in a state of panic . the questions that arise from this drama involve the decision making process on both sides and the ultimate question is of course whether washington dc was ever in any real danger . did the confederacy in fact lose it 's only real chance for ultimate victory during this time period ? david detzer has done an admirable job in this book of not only bringing this evolving drama to life but also of answering these questions in a clear and concise manner.this book reads much like a great historical drama and the author 's writing style is superbly readable . it is rare for the author of a history book to achieve such a sense of drama since the reader usually already knows the outcome . detzer has accomplished this however and although i was keenly aware of what was about to happen at every turn i had a tough time putting the book down . this invigorating writing style is often derisively referred to as popular history but detzer blows the sides off of that old mold by not only offering new information but also keen observations that cut directly to the heart of this eventful period of american history . no hero of american history is spared criticism when criticism is due and conversely even ben butler is praised when his actions merit it.this is the story of those fateful days of april and may of 1861 and it is a story that is well told by this supremely able author . this book is well researched , very well written and the story is told from the point of view of both governments as well as the lowliest private in the pennsylvania militia . it is a story upon which the fate of the united states once turned
i was referred to this book by my midwife ( debra o'conner ) as a book that i had to read as it 's content was so `` right on '' and was she ever right . i know alot about my body . i am a licensed massage therapist and a mother of a 3 year old that i had at home . i spent hours and hours learning about my body during the childbirth process . that was great knowledge to add to the physiology i learned during my massage training . this book though , is something that every woman in our culture today should read . i now understand so much about my life and the directions it has taken ! i hope to give this to everyone i know who has a daughter . i hope they will read it for themselves and then pass in on to their daughters when they feel the time is right . our culture today is so lacking in this kind of positive message . it is women 's reality and needs to be shared . of course it is written by a midwife ! thank you elizabeth
this book is so great and touching . as a mixed race teen this book gave me hope and confidence . it taught me to honest and open . it made me proud to be me . never has a book made me so convinced that i am great and wonderful to be multiracial . i thank the author for this awesome book . anyone who is biracial should read this book . not just once , but over and over , marking the poems and stories that you can most relate to and read them when you are feeling down on yourself . this is one `` must have '' book
this book is hot ! ! . i anxiously awaited the next `` grayson '' novel , after reading of course , all , the `` falcon '' and `` grayson '' families ' stories . i honestly thought nothing could top luke grayson 's romance with catherine . however , ms. ray 's story about brandon and faith was just that ! ! i hope the next book in the grayson saga is out very soon , because again , i can hardly wait ! ! and if you have not read all of francis ray 's novels ( not just her stories about the graysons and falcons ) , get to reading ... you will not be disappointed .
this book shows in detail how much of the media has gone out of its way to attack the president and how many facts have been distorted in the process.it also provides a rare look at what the president really does with his time and how much effort he puts into his work.if you are looking for a book that labels president bush as a liar or a dummy , this is not the book for you . but it is a superb look at the events of the last year and a half , including the election of 2004.do n't be narrow-minded . i highly recommend it
this is one of nora roberts ' best books ever ! i have read everything she 's written and this is now my all time favorite . i adore this book . the characters are interesting and very human , the plot is gripping and the background fascinating . callie , an archeologist , comes to a little town in maryland to set up a dig and ends up learning about her birth parents and reuniting with her ex-husband . what i really like about this is the two main characters already have a history before this book so its so much that they fall in love on the spur of the moment , like most romances ( including roberts ) . definitely a book i highly recommend for both the romance and the thrilling plot . it will keep you glued to the pages until you figure out who the bad guys are
i actually discovered this book accidentally . it was in the `` return to stock '' section of my borders book store and i was perusing the many books people had been interested in . the summary caught my attention , but it was the first page that drew me in . even from the beginning this book is captivating . it 's thrilling , tragic , heart-breaking , and even at times so amusing . greer has a talent for making max seem so real . i could n't stop reading it . it 's so hard to put down ! definitely one the best books i 've ever read .
so many books on the market about pregnancy focus on the medical aspect of what is growing in your wife 's little belly , and not how that little thing is changing your wife and life forever ! this book describes to a 't ' how this life changing event reeks havoc on everyone involved in the process , and it does it in a way that is bust-a-gut funny . before i read this book , i was like `` what the heck is wrong with my wife ? '' after reading this book , i was more like `` ohhh , i know why she just ripped my head off ... she hates the smell of carrots ! '' great book , fast and fun read , a must read for a new dad . i 've bought it for every father to be , and they in turn have done the same .
i read the book first in its html form , from raymond 's site , and i felt need to buy the real book.its format is very appropriate and shows the best we have in unix.even though i have a degree in chemical engineering , i found it to be a valuable resource for my own projects for open source development
i have read every hiaasen novel , except `` flush '' and `` naked came the manatee . '' i have enjoyed reading almost every one of them [ there are exceptions -- `` basket case '' definitely was not up to the mark , imho ] . the best among them , in my opinion , are `` strip tease '' , and `` double whammy . '' `` double whammy '' is funnier among the two . `` strip tease '' is a little more serious.this is one novel i read once in a while whenever i get the urge to laugh out loud . those characters are crazy
this book describes the eleven-year psychotherapy process for a woman with sixteen different personalities . the analysis process took place from 1954 through 1965 . sybil , the subject of the book , was a child of the 1920 's and 30 's , and her multiple-personality disease was a result of her family 's genetic history and her fundamentalist , repressed , and abusive upbringing . much of sybil 's struggles were due to the time period in which she lived -- her family had mental illness but felt that ignoring it and focusing on other pursuits was the best course of action . she was so denied the exploration of her feelings that she choked back all symptoms of mental illness and tried to act normal , hindering her recovery for years.i am still in shock over the patience and dedication that was required to work with the frustratingly different personalities over a period of eleven years ! i got frustrated at the slow and relapse-prone re-integration process at the end of the book , and i admire schreiber for painstakingly recounting the process instead of using hollywood-style short-cuts . sybil 's recovery and emergence as a complete , functional woman in her forties was a very hard-won victory.during the revealing of sybil 's personalities , i really liked vicky . she was the all-seeing personality who know the lineage of all others . i liked her better than i liked the backbone-less sybil , and i wanted her to exist for this lost woman . during the personality-integration process , i learned that all of the personalities were a part of sybil , and such exaggerated emotion as vicky 's had to be integrated in to part of the whole sybil.overall , this is an amazing book that well stands the test of time .
i am married to a native new yorker and we spent an entire weekend looking over this book and talking about many of the wonderful places it mentions , many of which we still visit today . as an extra bonus for avid cooks , there are recipes . for anyone who remembers luchows or any of the other venerable , now closed restaurants the book mentions , it will take you back to happy times and good memories . it 's an excellent book and clearly schwartz has poured a great deal of research into what is his labor of love .
jmaes joyce takes us on stephen daedalus ' interior journey from pre-teen as son of a country gentleman to young adult who wanders the streets of dublin , struggling with sin , salvation , intellect , ambivalence about his homeland , and his father 's decline . it is not a linear path , but then whose is ? the story is not so much about the artist as a young man , but about a young man 's journey to artistic sensibility , its pretensions and exhilirations . jaklak sez check it out
it shows the power of god and what he wants to do in our lives if we 'll simply obey him . how many rhees howells has god raised up but because they would n't walk with him , god was n't able to use them.i would say this is a terrifying book because i know this is something that god wants from every believer . let 's walk with jesus and see what he wants to do in our lives.regardless of our age or function in the body of christ , we can all be prayer warriors . will you ( and will i ) be warriors in the prayer closet ? that 's one the important questions that jesus is asking his church in these last days
this book captures the human spirit , at both its best and its worst . schwarz-bart is a masterful author in his telling of the tale of ernie levy , from birth and on . he also , shows us the readers the cruelty of nature that was the nazi movement . it is unfortunate that so many people had to suffer so much through history as did the jewish people . it is one might say not a fair trade for normal life to be a just man , although without them humanity would crumble , as future readers will find out their importance . and if there really are just men in our world ... we really owe them a great deal of thanks for taking the pains of the world on their shoulders
i really enjoyed this book . i found it in a bookstore one day and read it for pleasure slowly . i am a theory student ( now ) so i wanted to see a lot more math , but aside from that shortcoming ( which some might welcome ) it was just a fantastic description of fluid motion and derivations of the governing equations on a simple level .
those who condemn this book for not being a long , boring list of name origins and meanings , or for stating that their name has gone out of style for today 's children , are missing the point . `` baby names now '' is a fun , readable guide to what people are naming their children in the early 2000s , including famous namesakes ( saints , popes , presidents , royalty , music and movie stars ) and what some celebrities have named their children . it 's also fascinating to read how certain names have gone out of style : for example `` lisa , '' `` amy , '' `` susan '' and `` dawn '' were very popular for babies born in the 60s ( and thus , my classmates ) , but are rarely used today . the book 's major flaw is in not recognizing that parents name their children using the last names of people they admire , not just the first names . at one point , it reads `` harrison ford ... is almost certainly the reason for the name harrison 's popularity '' - excuse me , ever hear of the beatles ? the entries for the name `` jordan '' do n't mention michael jordan , certainly a major inspiration for that name in this area . the entry for `` jackson '' does n't mention michael , janet , or samuel l. the entry for `` landon '' does n't mention michael . the entries for `` cassidy '' do n't mention david and shaun , so popular in the 70s when many of today 's moms were growing up . the entry for `` lucas '' - do i have to say it , fellow star wars kids grown up and naming their children ? and come on , how can you mention the name `` wayne '' without acknowledging the popularity of john wayne ? still , this is a lot of fun , and i give the authors credit for recognizing that `` althea '' is from a grateful dead song . i look forward to the next edition
when i read alpha male syndrome , i saw myself and the many `` alphas '' i 've worked with in high-tech corporate america . in some instances i could call out the names of those i 'd either worked with or had family relationships or friendships with - based on the alpha types , strengths and risk behaviors so well defined in this book . i found the practical tips - encouraging specific change , in those who do n't seem open to changing - to be useful , hopeful , encouraging and sometimes even funny . i may go broke sending alpha male syndrome to my too-many alpha friends and more importantly to those who work or live with them ! from soup to nuts i enjoyed recognizing and knowing myself better through the book and from taking the author 's online alpha assessment - then following the action steps in the book , and updated online alpha tips . i can see how and why ms. ludeman and dr. erlandson 's approach to executive coaching is effective .
carlton mellick the 3rd 's `` punk land '' ( a pseudo-sequel to his 2001 novel `` satan burger '' ) wastes no time in getting straight to the story . it is set in an alternate heaven for punks , where sid vicious is god and you are judged for entry not by st. peter but rather a number of gate attendants who decide whether or not you are punk enough . mellick 's trademark off-beat humor and sideways take on religion is ever-present , along with a slew of philosophical ideas mixed with a juvenile sense of mischief . although it is a sequel , it stands completely on it 's own . fans of satan burger will appreciate the references and the continued story of nan and mortician , but new readers are n't left wondering about a back story . and anyone with even a slight interest in punk rock or punk culture will be in well , punk heaven , with all the references to punk history and culture and appearances by icons including g.g . allin , henry rollins , and johnny rotten . the book is also full of illustrations , diagrams , photos and lists , which help to give it a wonderful multimedia type feel . you 'll find yourself torn between finishing the paragraph you 're in and jumping directly over to the flier for the `` pbr pogo joust '' advertised on the next page . this is a great book , a sublimely goofy sort of work that is effortlessly good but never takes itself too seriously . highly recommended for anyone who likes mellick 's work , but even more so for anyone who has never read any of his books . this is a great place to discover the works of a young , groundbreaking author who is only getting better with time
well , i just wanted to say that i am purchasing this to learn more about what could be , my ancestor ! yup ! my name is jackie kidd . i have been forever interested in anything that has to do with captain kidd . get this , we all have nicknames at my job and i am called : captain kidd . people think i 'm wacked , but i do n't care.i think he was a good pirate , he just got caught . i have been trying to trace my family tree to him . nothing is for sure just yet . but i wear my uniform well ! i have a pirate costume that i wear every halloween . i stand firm in my heritage , if this is who i am
music and culture are discussed , not with the usual artistic focus , but with a healthy blend of science and sociology added to the mix . is music a luxury , an art , or a biological need ? william benzon 's beethoven 's anvil explores links between music and brain functioning , using the history of music and its evolution to draw some important arguments about music 's importance to brain functioning as a whole
a remarkable introduction to ezra pound . makin explains some of the underlying structures that order the cantos -- periplous , ideogram , fugue , the 'repeat in history ' -- and gives concise readings of individual sections that helped my understanding enormously . he does an especially good job of connecting pound 's theory of money to his views on sex and creativity . makin manages to be critical of pound while treating his ideas with verve and sympathy ; the writing is colloquial , witty and jargon-free . i enjoyed the cantos much more after reading this short , effective study
i 'm gon na quote a paragraph from the book , please note - in no way can this paragraph tell you anything about the book or spoil it for those who havent read it . '' a woman left at home would close her eyes and the power of her need would enable her to see her man on his ocean ship battling pirates with pistol , her man in the battle 's fray with his sword and shield , standing victorious among corpses , her man in a desert whose sands were on fire , amid mountain peaks , drinking the driven snow . so long as he lived she would follow his journey , would feel his elation and his grief , and if he died a spear of love would fly back across the world to pierce her waiting omniscient heart . it would be the same for him . in the midst of desert 's fire he would feel her cool hand on his cheek and in the heat of battle she would murmur the words of love into his ear : live , live . that was what the stories said about love . that was what human beings knew love to be . `` shalimar the clown was about as good as i thought it would be . it definitely is n't the best book i 've read this year but i must say salman rushdie 's writing style captivates me nonetheless . in between the most relevant paragraphs , he says things that are unique and have a true stronghold on the reader 's mindset . in this book , he mentions a quote , twice , which really caught my eye . `` one does n't know the questions of life until one is asked '' another thing i noticed about the book is that the central character , shalimar , is seldom mentioned . the book seems to hover around other dozen characters . only in prison and in that one letter sent back to kashmira does shalimar 's true character really come out . the second quarter of the book got immensely boring and i really despise how max 's character was written about . it was annoying , difficult to read , over-detailed and excruciating to read.boonyi was an outstanding character . so was the old witch and boonyi 's father . when colonel tortoise was mentioned in the book , i thought his character would prove of some consequence but nothing about yielded anything . one could n't help but dislike max 's lack of integrity . mythology is rather well written about in this book . every 50 pages , a one page something would be mentioned including just the right amount of detail and words.conclusion -while reading , time and again i would rage on to my friend about how superb the writer 's grasp on the reader is . the writer knows his words , where to use them , he knows that he has a prodigious way of writing and he employed them better than ever . maybe this book disappointed his core fans . maybe it lacked a spark enough to obilerate doubt.all in all , i can say that salman rushdie has a wierd way of his own . his vocabulary is truly astounding . maybe he is the most `` learned '' writer i 've ever read , if not the best . respect . h.s anand-17th october'06 12.13p
i bought this book in lieu of the 2005 guiness book of world records , and i do n't regret the decision at all . this is a huge book- 250 pages- with thousands of interesting and bizzare tidbits in categories such as `` amazing earth '' , `` body and mind '' , `` wonders of science '' , `` fun and games '' , and `` beyond belief '' . i had never watched the ripley 's show or read any other ripley 's books before . the facts are just as fascinating as in guiness , but they are presented in a more fun , colorful , and kid- friendly way.this would make a great present for any kid ( or grown- up kid ) , even for those who do n't read much.the editing is n't the greatest , and i found one fact that is repeated twice in two different sections ( see if you can catch it ! ) but i still give it a full 5 stars ! and ... the cover makes me kind of dizzy , but that 's okay . ; -
the need for assassins is great - the evil keeps cranking up beyond belief as the suspense continues to buld . what a book and what a series - more please
... this book is a romance , and i liked it.my only excuse is , it 's a classic romance ! i loved it , in fact . it 's on my top ten favorite books list . it was n't gross , it was n't weird , it was n't annoyingly romantic . i loved it . ( i might say that a few more times . ) i loved elizabeth , jane , mr. bennet 's relations with mrs. bennet , mr. darcy , mr. bingly , mr. collins ( my cousin can not say his name without falling over herself laughing from what she saw in the movie . ) i ca n't even find words to describe how much i loved this book . i read it this summer , and i 'm still at a loss for words ! all i can say is , i 'll definitely be picking up more classics . and my book of jane austen 's works will soon be veeeery well-worn
i was impressed by the value and quality of this book ... . outstanding ! ! ! ! it is all his plays and poems in one place with a nice look and feel to the book ( for the price ) you ca n't beat it .
this is a great beginner 's guide to home buying . the advice is straightforward and the explanations are easy to understand . buying a home is a scary and daunting prospect for me . i kept getting a lot of conflicting advice from relatives , friends , and coworkers on when to buy , what to buy , and how to buy . this is very frustrating as everyone means well , but what worked for them might not apply to me . and do n't bother asking a realtor or mortgage company if you should buy -- they make their living on our decisions to buy ! so i bought home buying for dummies to learn more , and it has a lot of sound and thoughtful guidance to help decide when and how much to buy ... and also how to find a good home , and then negotiate with the realtors , the sellers , the mortgage companies , and everyone else that is sticking their hands in your wallet . the author 's advice is realistic , and he points out the pitfalls of jumping in and what trouble you can get into with the different loan options out there
incredibly useful ! exactly what i need all in one place
i am a huge john grisham fan . i believe the first grisham book i ever read was `` the pelican brief '' . after that , i was hooked . i admit that through the years mr. grisham 's work has become less `` grishamisc '' and not as entertaining as earlier works . but , you 'll have that with any author that cranks out as many books as he does . i first started this book by listening to it on cd . i soon decided that it would be more enjoyable to read it than listen to it . i was right ! the book starts out with action and pulls you in . the action barely lets up through the entire book . this is a different kind of action . more mental than physical . there seems to always be something going on and grisham knows how to leave you wanting more at the end of each chapter.one thing that is very different about this book than most of his works , is that there is n't really a catch at the end or a mystery to solve . generally , we find grisham leading us to a thriller ending . however , in this book , it is more of a life lesson about greed . there is no bad guy , nobody lurking in the shadows trying to harm the main character , etc . the book is about good old fashioned greed and how it can ruin your life . the characters are likeable and easy to follow . there are not too many needless chapters or boring detail that is irrelevant to the story . i found the book very easy to read and follow . i always wanted more . although the book has a different theme than most grisham books , i still really enjoyed it . it reminded me why i like to read his books so much . it proves he write good fiction without a thriller or mystery ending . if you like this one , try the eariler works as well . if you have seen the movies , it does n't matter because the books are always better and usually different in some way . this book would make a good movie , but we 'll see if anyone in hollywood agrees with me on that point . happy reading
i 've always read lots of books about singles and how to find a mate , and that rate has sped up since i 'm now a romance coach . but somehow i had missed susan page 's `` if i 'm so wonderful , why am i still single ? '' even though it has been out since 1998 , the last year i was single myself . where have i been , and why had n't i seen this book ? susan page writes for `` involuntary singles '' -- straight , gay , male or female , each and every one of us who is single and wishes we were n't . relentlessly positive , she starts off right to the point with `` so why are you still single anyway ? '' and then , just when we 've gotten over that shock , she states flatly : '' whatever your reasons are for being single , if you want to be in a relationship , no reason is good enough . '' then page goes about tearing apart every good reason we 've ever come up with to keep ourselves single.here 's what page takes on and turns around : ambivalence ( my favorite ) , those `` dreadful statistics , '' the myth of `` there are no good ways to meet people , '' and having and keeping high standards . then she works on developing skills in what she calls `` frog kissing '' : learning to say no , how to recognize true intimacy , avoiding `` commitmentphobes , '' handling the intimacy gap , and learning to say `` yes . '' and in the last section , `` keeping it all together while you look , '' page tells you just how to do all that . this is easily the best , most thorough , rounded and positive book about relationships and dating i have seen . if you are one of page 's `` involuntary singles , '' this book needs to be in your library . five chocolate dipped strawberries for susan page ! this is quite a book .
dragons are certainly among the most quintessential elements of the fantasy genre and their likenesses comprise one of the cornerstones of the art associated with it . dragonart : how to draw fantastic dragons and fantasy creatures is both an enjoyable browse and a useful guide for anyone interested in creating their own dragons or other fantastic creatures with pencil and paper . dragonart is divided into three major parts , fantastic dragons , unique details , and other fantasy creatures , along with an introduction , a section on how to use the book , and a brief guide to fantastic creatures . lessons in this book are progressive in nature , beginning with fundamentals and moving into increasingly advanced aspects of dragon design , all illustrated with step-by-step illustrations that are punctuated by helpful tips and tricks throughout . and author/artist jessica `` neondragon '' peffer has a clear , easy writing style that can be easily comprehended , absorbed , and acted upon , an example of which follows below . `` okay , so we 're going to discuss the anatomy of a creature that exists nowhere but in our minds . sounds kind of silly to say that something made from pure imagination does not look correct , but that will happen if your creature does n't look believable . to help make your dragon as real as possible , base its structure on real creatures , '' she writes at one point ( page 44 ) . `` the ideal dragon is likely a mix of cat , bird , and reptile body types . the trick is choosing which parts to keep and which ones to throw out . you want it to feel like a single creature . '' this advice , incidentally , is very reminiscent of that given by leonardo da vinci in his notebooks for drawing creatures of this ilk , making peffer well read or naturally very insightful , either of which speaks well for her . under `` how you should make an imaginary animal look natural , '' the increasingly famous renaissance man writes , `` you know that you can not invent animals without limbs , each of which , in itself , must resemble those of some other animal . hence if you wish to make an animal , imagined by you , appear natural -- let us say a dragon , take for its head that of a mastiff or hound , with the eyes of a cat , the ears of a porcupine , the nose of a greyhound , the brow of a lion , the temples of an old cock , the neck of a water tortoise . '' dragonart also includes guidelines on drawing a number of other sorts of fantastic creatures , including basilisks , chimeras , gargoyles , and griffins . for those interested in applying the guidelines presented in this book , a companion dragonart kit : how to draw & paint fantastic creatures that includes a compressed version of the book and some art supplies will also be available soon . author peffer is also the creator of the popular fantasy art website neondragonart.com , which can give anyone potentially interested in this book the opportunity to get a sense of the kinds of creatures they can learn to create themselves .
i chanced upon this book quite by accident.i am a big fan of books which inspire.this may not be a book which is high on the literary quotient , the writing does get rambling and long winded quite a number of times.but whats truly awe inspiring is its straight up from the heart.its quite amazing that someone can go through so many emotions in a lifetime and actually make peace with all thats happened in a lifetime.this book will give you plenty to think about long after you are done with it
this book has been golden for two of my undergrad communications classes and is turning out an invalvuable reference for my graduate level comm class , which the professor is teaching from a variety of books . it is very easy to understand and the best part is it covers all the rigorous math . it could be more rigorous with the math in some cases . still it is such a broad and complete coverage of all important topics it will serve as your comm encyclopedia .
reinventing the bazaar used real-life examples to make markets understandable to any reader . from pharmaceutical companies to the tokyo fish market , mcmillan brings markets alive right in front of the readers ' eyes . he attempts to demystify the mystery behind markets , and in my opinion , he succeeds . each chapter presents a new market setting which mcmillan uses to illustrate his various points . while the book has an economic undertone , the level of writing is not above the understanding of even a high school student . all terminology is explained not only with words , but with examples , as well . the book was enjoyable , especially if you have little familiarity with various market settings . however , i would encourage anyone to read this book because even the experts on markets will have their knowledge enriched by this book
the other reveiwers have it right . after studying more than 30 titles on the craft of writing , i can say that this is by far the most useful work on developing believable and well-rounded characters that i have seen to date . the information is timely , practical , and accessible . the examples are well-organized and perfectly suited to the material . the writer can take what he learns and put into practice immediately . excellent work
this truly excellent collection of singer 's stories ( all originally composed in the yiddish language ) are as colorful as the people about whom the stories were written . here are tales of weddings , of jokesters , of happy occasions of all variety , of feuding farmwives , and of unrepentant fools . after reading through a handful of singer 's works , a person gets the feeling of how it must have been to live as a jew in eastern europe a hundred years ago . this was a culture rich in its traditions and lore , a people who loved life and kept their identity through good times and bad . singer , himself born and raised in the region so many of his short stories describe , was one of very few authors i would unhesitantly dub `` a human treasure ''
perhaps it has a lot to do with the book being written in english ( or at least it appears to have been , there is no translator listed ) , but this is by far the most lucid thing i 've read by latour . in a way it 's a radical break , he finally embraces his troubled intellectual child actor network theory , stops expecting its meaning to magically emerge from the context and sets forth exploring what it actually is and how it can work .
i purchased this for my husband for a birthday gift , and it came on time and in perfect condition.thanks
i assume the plot of this famous tale is well known , so i wo n't spend time on it , but in recently re-reading this book for the first time since ninth-grade english class in the '90 's , i was repeatedly struck by a piercing question : how exactly over time does drama become melodrama ? will our cherished novels seem melodramatic to readers a hundred-forty years hence ? how does this happen , and is there ever an end-point to it ? dickens was by any standard a literary master , and if typifying one 's age is a virtue , then he does this to perfection , yet if failing to achieve a universality unhindered by time ( as other writers have done ) is a limitation , then in this one sense alone charles dickens has an achilles heel
i purchased the book with the intention of teaching myself all the core material in it . the material offers readers a limited number of examples per chapter per section . while these examples may sometimes make you wish for added detail , ultimately there is enough explanation to pull the reader through . be sure you understand the previous chapter before moving onto the next or you will most likely get lost . in the end i was very satisfied with my order . listen to me ... if your at least decent in math you 'll do just fine following this algebra 2 textbook
first book i 've read from sandra brown and it was really great . it was a page turner from beginning to end . i found the book interesting and easy reading . a well written mystery suspense that keeps you guessing until the very end . will not be the last sandra brown novel for me
first off , i loved the book cover- spine and all -- one of my all time favorites . it 's what first attracted me to this book amongst the other forward-facing covers on the store 's front table . then the title , i loved that just as much . both share the characteristics of being straightforward , to the point , and revealing . both are perfectly simple . i read most the essays and came to think that a. this guy really does his homework and b. he has a vocabulary more voluminous than the decimal numbers of pi . i constantly begged for my dictionary . it 's probably what gets him the press i knew before i picked this up : an intellectual snob . i guess he got that from the oprah incident . but i also guess that there 's lots of worse name calling that can happen to anyone in their career . what 's up with this culture that it 's so unacceptably horrible to be labeled an intellectual snob and so enviously warming to be called a pop culture icon ? the attraction to franzen 's work is that he investigates and reveals- in a binary way : he 's researching facts , he 's listening to feelings ; he 's processing both to give an opinion . the best example of this is my father 's brain in which he relates the alzheimer induced decomposing of his father 's brain . there is lots about the history and science of memory in this essay ; as much as there is about how a family discovers and lives with its loss . reading it you sympathize , you empathize and you learn . equally as insightful are : lost in the mail- a look into possible reasons behind chicago 's underperforming mail systemthe reader in exile- a great reflection on the intellectual and emotional fruits of readingfirst city- a historical and pensive piece about what pulls us towards citiesmeet me in st. louis- a piece that shares the two-sided feelings in a trio of situations ( including the oprah incident ) .
this is the first piece of writing i have read from albert camus and i found it very interesting . the character meursault is a very indifferent character who seems to be very impartial when he hears of his mother 's death and kind of continues to be static untill the the second half of the book . i do not want to give the book away as some of the others have , but i feel that no matter what one person does and no matter what ones perception is , it can never match the perception of others . one of my favorite lines in the story is when meursault is talking to the chaplain about seeking redemption through god because according th chaplain `` it is not the human justice that matters but divine justice '' and meursault 's response was `` it was the human justice that put me here '' . no matter what acts you commit , whether they be henous , incensitive or loving , one way or another you will be judged and upon that judgement will be your sentence . it was definitely an easy read that takes the readers on a ride into the thoughts of a man who accepts the one thing he can not change ; his fate . `` with this , i dont even have a chance to survive , not even a slim one ''
reminds me that conservation has been in the minds of some for a very long time . my grandson who is four loved the story and understood the concept
playstation and x-box have nothing over the toy of the future : a time-travel device which allows for visits to the past . there 's only one problem with theo 's enjoyment of the latest model : it appears to be defective , and his interactions with peoples of the past increasingly holds dangers of changing the future . the debut titles in the newe `` jump-man rule '' series by james valentine , do n't touch anything provides quick action and unpredictable twists of plot , including romance , making it a most unusual , satisfying adventure story recommended for ages 8-12 .
the cover of this book compares it to the kite runner , so it caught my attention . i honestly could not stop reading as `` yasmina khadra '' does an amazing job of making believable and likeable characters . he weaves a tale of how terrible situations eat away at people 's humanity.my only nit is the ending was a bit predictable . that said , it was still a very good ending that rings true . spoiler : if you wonder why she did n't come back , consider that she would not forget the face of the man that bumped into her on the street , which led to them being stopped , which ultimately resulted in her husband 's death.i honestly ca n't wait to read more by `` yasmina khadra ''
paul johnson has written a 1,000-page book about various and sundry aspects of the years 1815-1830 , years in which he rightly claims to find the origins of many aspects of the world as we know it today . johnson 's chosen foci are certainly broad : he ranges from events in politics and law to music , science , and even opium use . while almost every page is loaded with fascinating morsels of information that will certainly come in handy when you want to impress people at your next social function , johnson 's roving eye and pen can be disconcerting : he tends to shift topics very quickly and without warning . also , while the book claims to be about `` world society , '' johnson spends the largest part of his time talking about british society -- but he 's found plenty of ways to range geographically from the `` western '' united states ( like kentucky ) to china and singapore . throughout , his prose is generally crisp and pleasant to read . overall , johnson has given us what might be the ultimate in bedtime reading : a vast book that one can pick up , open nearly at random , and learn something interesting about the past but which retains significance today
i teach a grade 5/6 enrichment program and am always looking for unique , stimulating material . i have already written a fan letter to mr. zacarro about his challenge math book . it is amazing . every teacher should have a copy . i did n't hesitate to buy the 10 things all future mathematicians and scientists must know : but are rarely taught and was again amazed . it is so good ! each chapter is a different `` truth '' about what math and science give us and the examples and stories used are interesting , poignant and relevant . my kids love it and i hear them applying what they learn from this book to current events and problem solving . it will realy make them think . if you teach math or science to kids in grades 6 and up , you will be giving them a great gift by using this book in your classroom ! you may find yourself taking it home to read yourself at night too
the recipes in this book are often somewhat complex , but they are easy to follow and the results are wonderful . braising does not aways take a long time either . one of my favorites is soy-braised chicken thighs with star anise and orange peel - 40 minutes total
dr. mark albion is a consistent and heartfelt -- seemingly lone , sometimes -- voice of responsibility and truth in what 's often a cynical , clutching corporate world . i was energized by his first book , `` making a life , making a living ( ml2 ) '' and empowered by `` true to yourself . `` albion builds upon the strengths of ml2 in his most recent title with practical , actionable strategies for transforming your business or career into one of real social value . readers walk away with principles they can start executing tomorrow , and a re-calibrated moral compass by which to measure their progress.and albion lives it : while admittedly starting out with some privilege , he bravely walked away from a tenured position at harvard business school ( simply unheard of ) to follow his heart . to this day , albion continues to shun the easy money , and lives his life by the values he preaches . you can practically count on one hand the number of businesspeople out there who truly walk the talk.whether it be the insatiable drive for `` more , '' or just the rudimentary economics of opening the doors everyday , any business can very quickly shake you free from your social moorings . if you feel like you 've lost your way , or just need some inspirational words ahead of that next challenge , `` true to yourself '' is the book for you
when i first read the title , my first thought is `` i know this , i 've heard it before '' .that is how i felt . until i read the book . what an eye opener ! i happen to be one who rarely gets sick , and recovers quickly when i do . i also tend to opt for a healthier life style . however , there is a family history of cancer . in reading this book , i realized that there is even more that i need to be doing to protect myself and my family . dr. rapp has done a considerable amount of research and shares her findings with the reader . research references are listed at the end of each chapter for those wanting to learn even more.if you own a home you need to read this book . if you rent a home or apartment , you need to know the information in this book . if you golf or live near a golf course , this book is for you . if you have children or grandchildren in school , consider reading this book
this book was recommended to me by several people as i interviewed hiring managers , hr personnel , senior-level employees , and others for my own book on the job market . by all accounts , my own included , 201 best questions is comprehensive , helpful , and tactical , an important read when one is preparing for an interview . it is not an all-inclusive resource , only interview-targeted , but for what it is , the book is top-notch
this is an essential read for anyone who wants a deeper understand of american foreign policy . a year after this book was published , there were over a hundred reviews . regardless of whiether one disagrees or agrees with the author , finds the author right or wrong , interesting or boring , this book is one of the most influential books , if not the most influential book that affected american foreign policy . in fact , the current bush adminstration 's policies , george kenan 's containment , henry kissinger 's policies as well as countless adminstration 's policies are shaped or affected by this book . my area of study is the foreign policy of post world war two american governments , and never have i understood it with greater clarity after i read this book . it is the thread which runs through the policies of all the administrations , differing on extent . ( i studied the policies first and read the book the year after ) . it is a fascinating book and hard to put down . the author writes in a european style ( beautiful long sentences , etc . ) , which in my opinion makes it more eloquent and in the opinion of my co-students makes it more difficut to read . he tries to give a balanced perspective from which one can think critically . ms. rice and mr. kissinger were heavily influenced by this book . to understand them , this is a must read . in and of itself , it is an excellent book , a classic , and thousands others significantly more qualified than i have reviewed it . look even at other reviews on this website or at well known journals for a more accurate assement of the book itself by political scientists
what a wonderful book . it 's too bad so many readers today know only tom wolfe , not thomas wolfe . even though it has been at least 10 years since reading look homewood angel , i knew almost immediately when i came to the new sections . they add a depth to the novel , bringing in the whole town and relatives , rather being only about eugene gant . my favorite wolfe readings involve trains ; the experience about time stopping for a moment when you look into the eyes of someone looking directly at you into the train , is exactly as i remember my earlier train rides.what are they doing now , that the train has passed ? other 800 page books might be dull , but not this one . having been given it as a present recently , i am very surprised and disappointed that it is already 'out of print . '' more people should know about o lost
if you just want the latest research , go read the new england journal of medicine . if you want the latest research plus experience , understanding , compassion , and answers to your most embarrassing questions , get this book ! i heard the co-author , francesca coltrera , speak a few weeks ago . i was absolutely blown away by how lucid , informed , and compassionate this woman was . she did n't just present the book as a bible for people undergoing breast cancer treatment ( though it is that ) . she talked about it as a a kind of lifeline -- a source to go to for questions the doctors and nurses do n't have the patience ( or experience ) to answer.i hope you do n't need a book like this . but if you do , this is the one to get
when one begins to despair about the quality ( or lack thereof ) of the modern novel you come across a gem which dispels that despair for the time being . not only is this one a gem but also it is something much more and being just over 240 pages one that i finished all too quickly . i could not get enough of it . the narrator and main character of the novel is a mr. stevens who is the butler of a mansion where he heads a considerable compliment of staff to keep it running smoothly . his employer , a lord darlington , is doing what he can to alleviate some of the supposed harsher terms of the versailles treaty and realizes too late that he was being used as a pawn by the germans . and what did mr. stevens think of this ? he did n't , he maintains that wondering about what was happening would have interfered with his running of the estate . there is also the head housekeeper that he buts heads with a few times and also a few other instances which makes one wonder if she has something other that a professional interest in mr. stevens . you 'll have to read the book if you want to know more . i read mainly victorian literature simply because they are well written and what passes for a novel nowadays usually is not . if you get this book you will not be sorry .
yes , it 's the bible of cooking . its like a degree at the culinary institute . however , its not an easy book to cook from . most recipes refer to several parts of the book for details on how to prepare different parts of the recipe . so you contstantly have to page back and forth in the book . its intimidating for the novice who just wants to cook , but if you really want to learn about cooking then its the book to have
i agree with the other reviewers . this book is outstanding . if you enjoyed such books as `` the davinci code , '' `` angels and demons , '' etc. , you will enjoy this one.bravo to tess gerritsen . i am never disappointed with any of her works
i was shocked to open this book and find the author 's words targeting the very soul of my writing . it is a book about craft , not a pop culture `` i wan na write a book '' manual.gerard shows a great understanding of the motivation behind the need and desire to write well . he speaks to those who are willing to put effort and excellence where their pen meets the page.i heartily recommend this book
a recent dallas morning news column profiling t.d . jakes quoted a university of houston sociology professor saying that jakes is `` incredible in how he 's able to diagnose people 's pain . he has an uncanny ability to put a finger on the human condition . '' jakes ' new book he-motions illustrates the verity of the professor 's statement . in he-motions , jakes nails the issues and challenges christian men face today in trying to fulfill their many roles and pursue their dreams . jakes writes from his heart and soul as a pastor , father , husband and entrepreneur . in the opening pages , he describes his motivation for writing : `` i want to share what i 've learned . i want to cut through so much of the junk imposed on men today and talk heart to heart about what it means to be a man , not in some touchy-feely group hug kind of way but in an honest , soul-bearing way , which also respects men and honors the women who love them and whom they love . '' jakes thoroughly succeeds in fulfilling his desire for this book . not only does he address male readers , but he also targets female readers who hope to gain insights about men . jakes ' no-holds barred writing offers refreshing candor for those wanting an honest assessment of who they are and where they are in life . jakes writes about his childhood , his ministry , his family and his ups and downs in life-always tying stories to life lessons for readers . it does not take the reader long to discern that jakes possesses a vast breadth of wisdom and understanding about the inner workings of men in our culture . jakes writes that `` a man must value himself . '' he-motions can help readers make great strides in finding value in themselves-regardless of their circumstances . he encourages men to refuse to become discouraged but to keep moving toward their destiny while simultaneously enjoying the splendid moments of life 's journey . the book is written as if jakes is in the room having a one-on-one talk with the reader . if it was in fact such a talk , it would surely involve laughing , weeping , praying and dreaming . one such example of the conversational style is when jakes writes about balancing family and career . he writes , `` i 'm here to tell you that if you do n't contain your work life and segregate it from your home life , then your career will consume the marriage like a campfire blazing outside of its circle of rocks and roaring into a life-threatening forest fire . '' there is not an area of discussion where jakes lets men off the hook . he writes authoritatively about power , money and sex . in the financial arena , jakes commands readers , `` stop asking god to bless an area where you refuse to obey his word for your life . '' in one relationship area after another , jakes ' writing leads the reader to self-examination , awareness , forgiveness and improvement . his writing on subjects such as a man 's relationships with his father , children , wife , other men , time , money and god is honest and down to earth . it is also practical , as are the questions for men and women at the end of each chapter . throughout the book , jakes references the life of david to shed light on the above relationships from a biblical perspective . jakes encourages readers that `` someone needs to know who you are and where you are at all times in your walk and life . '' this book could be an effective tool to use in a discussion or accountability group to help people grow stronger relationships . i encourage men and women to take advantage of the wisdom and insights jakes shares in this book
i found this book very helpful in outlining the importance of research & of tracking earnings estimates . mitch zacks gives a good overview of what the key factors are in determining whether a stock will perform . the zacks rank was also interesting as it looks like it has performed very well over the past years ... it seems as if the zacks rank really is accurate , and more imporartantly a successful investing method ... this is the first book i have read that has actually helped me make money , rather than just provide broad based market overviews one sometimes reads . overall good book , i would definitely recommend it
this is hawking 's attempt to write about complicated physics for those of us who did not do well in math and therefore did not take the advanced sciences requiring ability in math . while still not an easy read , it it much easier than the brief history of time that he wrote for laypeople before this . a person who wants to know what the current scientific thinking is about the nature of the universe will find it worth spending the time it takes to read and digest this book , as they will be reading about it from one of the leading scientists in this field . older teens who have some interest in sciences may also find this to be a helpful introduction to the concepts they think they want to study in depth
the `` essential histories '' series from osprey could easily be compared to the cliff notes series . they 'll give you a nice introduction to a topic you are not familiar with , but no real depth . most volumns are under 100 pages ; therefore , do n't expect many `` man in the trenches '' stories.this volumn is a nice introduction to a recent war , and presented a bit better than most in the series
this was a very revealing look into how steroids played a role in baseball player success starting in the 1980s . this was an influential book which began a congressional search into the use of steroids in baseball .
it helped me place myself in the right direction as far as choosing a college . it 's hard to choose colleges just by what you hear by older people but this book is extremely useful in information you need to know before visitng a college . i would reccomand this book . the software was useful to me , however if you know how to write a formal essay it 's no big deal
rewind to 1992 . it 's the dawn of the so-called information & knowledge age . back then , i wrote a book on the need to liberate and effectively channel the creativity of all employees in an organization . the rationale : to create higher performing organizations in a time of intense global competition . with pressing needs for superior innovation . and improved productivity . amid ever-leaner budgets . ( sound familiar ? ) flash forward a dozen years to today and ideas are free ( a title echoing phil crosby 's classic quality is free ) . this new book makes clear today that my impassioned plea from a decade ago failed to eradicate idea-stifling organizational cultures . way too many work places , it seems , still quell expressions of innovative thinking by both frontline employees and middle managers . so the case for turning on the innovation spigot needs to be made again with renewed vigor . in answering that call , professors robinson & schroeder offer some worthwhile and occasionally surprising and compelling contributions to this topic that is as relevant now as ever.ideas are free presents an articulate case that organizations -- and individual managers -- need to unleash the *still* largely untapped brainpower intentionally and quite unfortunately held-back by employees . three elements make ideas are free especially worthy of your time and money.1 . the authors aim their advice at regular workaday managers . sure , they rightfully point out how organizational systems are often `` dysfunctional . '' and they make the case that many corporate practices actually *discourage* creative contributions by individuals even as they try to *incent* those very behaviors . but robinson & schroeder do n't aim their prescriptions at policy-making top executives only . many chapters conclude with what the authors term `` guerilla tactics '' -- clear directives for simple actions that even frontline supervisors can put to work `` without the boss 's permission . '' 2 . the book dramatically makes the case that paying for ideas -- as part of an organization 's formal suggestion systems -- is fraught with potential negative side-effects . my own corporate experience as an executive championing a newly installed suggestion system bears out the startling reality that this well-intentioned process can turn into a self-destructive minefield . ( and , let the record show , i largely missed this dimension in covering suggestion systems back in my '92 work . ) 3 . many interesting , well-developed ( albeit occasionally dated ) anecdotes illustrate the book 's sound principles . they help make ideas are free a grounded , engaging , and palatable read.back in '92 , i suggested in my book mavericks ! that , `` managers should be asking questions like : what is the value of a useful new idea ? if one good idea leads to another , where could thousands and thousands lead us ? what is the cost to the organization for not tapping the endlessly renewable resource of ideas in our employees ' heads ? '' getting to the root of the problem , i asked : `` is n't the job of a manager to *recognize and choose* from lots of great ideas generated by fellow work associates ? '' and answered : `` unfortunately , most managers -- even those who claim they invite suggestions from their people -- subscribe to the time-honored myth that a manager 's job is to *have* the ideas . `` in 2004 , robinson & schroeder again plow many of these very same themes ( and cite data that also have been around for a long time ) . still , this book explores afresh the opportunities that arise from drawing out the best thinking of every employee . and it presents realistic tactics that all managers can deploy to effectively deal with these still-critical issues.wherever you sit in the hierarchy , read ideas are free to seize powerful ideas about potential gains for your organization 's progress and prosperity.don blohowiaklead well institut
this book is as close to perfect as you can get . i personally like magical realism and also wanted to learn more about the recent history of india.worth noting , the mistry book , a fine balance , while good , is basically a full on rip off of this book . if you want the original , read rushdie . mistry should be ashamed . his is not even a different take , it is just another take of the same image and not as good
this book is the equivalent of the proustian madeleine ... to read it is to recover a past long lost . making the case for the mordant paradigm shift of us morals , ethics and literary tastes , this is the marker past which one can see the sad decline of the quality of art and life in the modern world . i can not improve on the highly intelligent and sensitive overview given here by reviewer big orange `` paxbear '' and so will not review the book in detail . that it is one of only three saroyan volumes still in print makes the case for the obsolesence of the clear heart and clear mind in today 's mindlessly kinetic world . you can read this book in the time it would take you to go see mi 111 in a cineplex . carpe diem . read this instead
my husband and i recently bought a home and i really felt i needed to find some tips on being organized . i used to be very organized ( and still am at work ) , but with the birth of my daughter almost a year and a half ago that has all gone down hill around the house . i came away with some really good tips for organization . not to mention some good tips on how to get rid of ants and various other insects and rodents . great book for any mom who feels their house needs a little boost in the organization department
this book if very well done , it has diagrams that not only are clear but also easy to follow , the photos are outstading , the selecction of models are just rigth . i will recomend it for everyone that is interesting in origami and as a good gift for a family
this book is an excellent guide to building and managing an investment portfolio . it does n't promise that you 'll make millions . . . but it does provide the principles and strategies you need to create an investment portfolio for long-term growth . it 's intelligent , easy to understand , and practical .
i first read about this wonderful book on one of the services that provides reading guides for book clubs . i was intrigued by the premise , and knew i had to buy it . this is one book that did not let me down ! i was captivated from the moment i began . i read in greed , hungering for the next diary entry . i completed it much too quickly , and had to re-read some entries . i found myself wondering about some of the women . ( many are still on my mind . ) i am so pleased that book two is in the works . this is a book that is too good to miss .
as always the latest compilation in this annual science fiction anthology remains one of the great anthologies as the current entries are top rate . for the most part , the thirty contributions are superb tales from a who 's who of the genre . especially fascinating is paul mcauley 's creative entry `` the two dicks , '' in which philip k. dick writes mainstream fiction until he meets richard nixon . other stories are well written as gardner dozier scores again with selections that run the gamut from alternative realties to artificial intelligence to `` animal '' intelligence that worms its way into the reader 's mind . the introduction by mr. dozier provides a `` summation '' of the trends in the year , which can be summarized as `` stable '' . science fiction fans who appreciate shorts will devour this must reading that once again lives up to its title.harriet klausner
stephen hawking has crafted a masterpiece that requires only two qualities of the reader : patience and an open mind . for those willing to take the ( often substantial ) time required to digest the material and accept ( or even challenge ) it , a awe inspiring world awaits . this book is rightfully one of the best selling books of all time , and a must read for anyone who has any interest in the world around them
dr. temperance brennan , a forensic anthropologist , is called upon to aid in the investigation of a commercial jet crash in the mountains of north carolina . andrew ryan , a colleague and romantic possible , turns up on site also when his partner in the quebec police is listed on the flight manifest.when temperance discovers a foot that does not seem to come from the disaster site , things begin to get dangerous for her and those around her . it becomes a clue in a deadly mystery involving many highly placed individuals who want their secret to remain just that , a secret.temperance and ryan spark reactions from each other , the question is , will it ignite or just smolder ? ? this novel is full of forensic science and detail that open the door to a fascinating yet gruesome world . kathy reichs has an afterword page in which she talks about 9/11 and the real disaster site in nyc where she aided in determining the identities of victims from the twin towers , serving on the government disaster response team , much like temperance in this novel ... ... .although she says the horror and emotional impact was more than she could have imagined . the novel was written and published 2 months before the real disaster occurred
if you are familiar with the work of strobel , this book will continue to impress you . if you are not however , and would like to know where the author is coming from , i encourage you to read his previous works , `` the case for christ '' and `` the case for faith '' so that you might better understand strobel.some people have condemned this book because strobel does n't present the evolutionary side well . i have a few quick observations to make . first of all , he 's a journalist ; he asks tough questions and , for the most part , gets good responses . second , everyone has an agenda , without exception . strobel , and those who he interviews , analyze and break down the views of prominent evolutionists and modern darwinian scientific views . finally , it is clear from the outset that strobel wants to make a compelling case for id . this is not an unreasonable goal . the fact that he does n't interview evolutionists should n't bother anyone , based on his obvious objectives . if you want a book that allows evolutionists and designers to write you want to look into a point-counter point series book . if you want to understand the current id debate and would like to get a real good look at some of the cosmological evidence for a creator , this book is for you
thankfully , this is not littered with platitudes and meaningless anaologies , the hallmarks of 99 % of the latest-and-greatest business books . especially since it was written in 1999 , moore 's is an incredibly insightful and prophetic book on strategy for the high-tech industry . he was predicting cutting edge changes then that are coming into reality today in 2005 . the book is much more descriptive than prescriptive though , and is best used as a tool to instigate discussions about corporate strategy , rather than as a checklist for strategic implementation . i help run an online software development company and although it is n't exactly `` high tech '' i still found the vast majority of it very helpful and the rest of it fascinating . market shifts are demanding broadband wireless internet everywhere -- free . companies are shifting towards web-basing software applications . all very relevant to my business.the book is well written , an easy and moderately fast read , and very accessible by anyone who is technology-savvy enough to at least hold an email address . yes , buy it . buy the paperback and save money.short synopsis : in the infancy of a market , products need to be highly tailored to meet the psychological and technical needs of leading edge techno-geeks ; nothing new here . when a company wants to take that product and make it marketable to the middle majority -- where the biggest money sits -- it requires a commitment to discipline and shift its strategy in order to do so . the emphasis shifts intially to identifying a single niche segment and creating a comprehensive , tailored product , that meets all of their needs -- create the `` whole product '' by using partners and 3rd party services to patchwork the thing together . then , stop tweaking the product . if that works , pick related niches and go after them the same way , creating the `` whole product '' for each of them . once people at large are comfortable enough to make the paradigm shift for that market ( this all deals with new , high-tech changes ) and start doing so en masse , the strategy must completely shift again to a ship-first / fix-the-product-later mentality in a mad , market share scramble . at this phase , you are `` in the tornado . '' lots of examples of successful and abysmal strategies used by high tech companies whose names are familiar to everyone , at each stage mentioned above .
i loved this book . i really am into those old school ways for children and this is the book . i think we need to discipline this generation the way our parents did us . if your are a fan of dr. dobson you will like bates too . i feel everyone could benefit from this book especially our children
received qickly and in great condition
i would agree with the translator that imitation of christ ranks very close to the bible . i read it over and over . it is shocking clear and concise . it forces you to examine your conscience and admit that you are a sinner and encourages you not to be afraid to carry your cross and aim , yes , to be a saint.thomas a kempis 's words cut to the heart and ring true over and over . in the normal state of human depravity , deception , duplicity , relativism , and excuse-making no one could write such a book without a transcendant , almighty , omniscient , omnipresent and infinitely merciful lord.each chapter feeds the hungry and thirsty soul and feeds the fire to seek our lord more and more.i wait patiently for your return lord jesus for your judgement and the new heavan and earth
these books will one day be recorded as history told before its time . while the mainstream shurgs him now , he will be required reading years to come
this book does what it says . it lists low or no cost campgrounds , they may not be where you want to go or fit your mega motorhome , that 's what commercial parks are for . i do n't know if it is all-inclusive but it certainly has most of the campgrounds that i know of in areas in which i am familiar
i was a student of mr. clawson 's , and highly recommend any student of his to use this book as a study guide
only knowing jack canfield from the very successful `` chicken soup for the soul '' mega series , i had no idea his abilities as a motivational mentor and coach . although this book title seemed to be directed toward business success , the gems of this book can be used in every aspect of your life . this lengthy book is full of words of wisdom and wit . lines that will move you to tears of discovery or move you to change directions . a absolute must read book for understanding the real you
since i received this book i have been carting it around , using it for reference ever since . i wish that i had been introduced to this book sooner in my college career ; it sets a good foundation for the basics . it is also good for sparking ideas if you are stuck . robin williams also writes well , making it a fun , easy read ( like all her books ) .i highly recommend this title
i , too , have an ma in american history , and i was never given reason to think about each of two questions raised by this important book . firstly and fundamentally , what was the timetable by which the british military were expected to leave the former colonies , and , second , what `` property '' could they take with them , especially as `` property '' had a very particular meaning here in the new nation ? was the revolution in large part fought to maintain slavery ? that surely bears on the problematic nature of our constitution.the wonderfully gifted writer and historian ( would that they were always the same thing ! ) poses these vital questions . and we are fortunate that the near simultaneous publication of david b. davis ' inhuman bondage complements this fine effort . so , as one reviewer suggests , it is in some ways an overwritten period , but schama and davis add something new and exciting to the dialogue . my thanks
be aware that the reviews for a book are displayed not only for one edition , but for all editions under the same title . the oxford philosophical texts edition of hume 's `` treatise '' should be the standard student edition . the prometheus books edition is cheap , but it does not include a modern introduction or any study notes . i recommend the oxford philosophical texts version if you want or need more than just the raw text
thirty years later and this classic remains a compelling read . this book has fueled a thousand others , setting the perspective for all those interested in the building blocks of life . it 's a genes-eye-view of where we came from and how we are motivated , a science and reason-based treatise that is compulsory reading for those of us intent on learning from and about our remarkable natural history . other books by dr. dawkins maybe an easier read but this is where it all started
gaylife on the english countryside is like everywhere , you never know when your bf ( boyfriend ) gets bored with you . the battle with london 's competitive nightlife makes you reguarly ask yourself : `` what have i to offer '' ? the efforts to entertain your bf are as tiresome as the question how organize your own life so it wo n't get dull . and once you got things fixed you yourself run into this willing guy . the tragicomedy the spell tells the story of four men , robin , the ageing architect who enjoys his life together with his younger bf justin , a witty layabout , robin 's son danny , a georgeous body dealing in superficiality and justin 's former lover alex , a well-mannered young man in search for consistency . to find out if they all get what they want is a truly delicious way to spend your time . the story is written out of the perspective of all leading parts and therefore very nicely ballanced . hollinghurst is gifted with a great sense of attentiveness . his characters show many different moods caused by tiny events . every self-assured attitude is merciless exposed . i recognized myself and my friends many times without realizing this ever before . it made me smile and reassured me . i think this is hollinghurst 's most post-modern novel . unlike the swimming-pool library 's sexual odyssee this is a splintered glimps into life and how down to earth it can be
it 's easy to realize once again what makes garth ennis one of the best writers in the field when reading this one . throughout the story i was unable to predict what was going to happen on the next page . and despite ennis making this into a rollercoaster ride he still keeps it all believable . mind you , this story is not on par with the preacher series , not much is , but it still is a story that rises far above the average comic book story . the characters are all interesting , often funny , and they 'll hold your attention with ease . not once was the story faltering . and in the case of you being a smoker-maybe at the end you 'll be cured of that habit . as another reviewer pointed out this is one hell of an anti-smokers ` add'.so , if you feel like picking up a well told story with constantine in the lead , you 'll do best to pick up this one . if however , you are not yet acquainted with ennis 's preacher than you better turn to that one .
lee smolin is a very deep thinker and original physics theorist , ready if needs be , to question cherished assumptions . one is humbled at how fertile his mind is and how he is familiar with the ideas and the research of so many peoplethe book is mainly an account of his misgivings about string theory , where he initially states , as he sees it , the five big problems in physics . in this context , he makes the very important point that since the end of the 1970 's there has not been a single breakthrough in our understanding of elementary particle physics and , in particular , he claims string theory does not achieve such a breakthrough . in making his case against string theory he discusses what string theory has given and shows how it appeared to offer a solution to some of the problems of theoretical physics . but then he builds up his case against the theory . he says that string theory does not reproduce the standard model , probably the most successful theory in physics , but even predicts particles not seen in nature . it did not predict and does not cater for dark energy , nor does it make new precise and falsifiable predictions . in particular he says string theory does not offer a solution to the foundational problems of quantum mechanics . he also notes that here is no complete formulation for string theory . he shows though how the five versions of string theory could be unified if membranes rather than strings were assumed , but notes that this theory , m theory , still remains a tantalizing conjecture . he says hopes for a unique string theory have receded.this reviewer would not dare to comment on his assertions but will say that any assertions he makes , are based on a very thorough knowledge of modern theoretical physics and merit the full consideration and respect of the reader . indeed new ideas are needed in physics as lee smolin says . we are missing something big . there is a feeling though that we are on the verge of that big breakthrough - that something just beyond our understanding at the moment will surface through the ` murk ' into our consciousness and revolutionize our knowledge of nature . the clues are there . to do this , lee rightly says that the sort of people who see through universal assumptions and ask new questions are needed . he also says that progress sometimes requires deep philosophical thinking but sometimes does not . and whether it is ` lateral ' thinking or a breakthrough revolution in ` conceptual ' thinking , new thinking is definitely required . lee concludes his book saying that what he intends to do is just that . he chooses to start with a paper of his on the relationship between quantum and thermal fluctuation . a good choice perhaps . i strongly recommend that anybody who is interested in physics and the current problems and mysteries in the area to immediately buy this book , if they have not already done so .
always looking for new books on this subject as they are few and far between . this book is written by a cop who knows the business . really like the way its written , funny at times as well as informatove , good read actually enjoyed what can be dry material . highly recommended
this is a fabulous book with lots of great stories , information and strategies on being successful in corporate america . this is a must read for all corporate professionals especially those seeking to craft their own strategy for growth in corporate america ! ! ! !
stewart and his crew nail it . if you like the daily show , you will love this book . if you like political satire , you will love this book . i have the calendar on my desk where i get a snippet of the book everyday and it reminds me of what i read and i laugh everyday .
it 's fascinating to compare my own experiences , having lived now 3 years in germany , to those of an american from 125 years earlier . i 've been learning to speak german , and his appendix on the `` awful '' german language was hilarious . in poking fun at german grammar ( e.g. , long sentences ) , he purposely commits the same errors in his own writing . the scene `` riding '' the glacier down the alps was so funny i had tears running down my face . it 's amazing to think that it was written in 1879 , when america was barely a century old , and the insights and perceptions then can be incredibly , eerily similar to either my or `` typical '' american 's attitudes today.i 'd recommend it to anyone , but particularly to anyone visiting or living in europe . it 's way funnier than his `` innocents abroad '' , which is also a good read on travel in europe
jonathan glover 's book is not quite like anything you 've read on war , state terror , and genocide . the tour of twentieth-century horrors is thematic rather than chronological , organized according to the ethical issues glover wants to explore . this takes a little getting used to , but it allows the author to jump , for example , from the first world war to the cuban missile crisis , to see which lessons had been learned in the interim and which might be applied in the future . the cumulative power of glover 's pointillist technique is enormous . `` humanity '' combines a clear-eyed ( necessarily often gruesome ) depiction of *in*humanity with an informed and enlightening discussion of how leaders and ordinary people can change things for the better . as an examination of the psychological and existential origins of mass murder and genocide , it marks an advance on ervin staub 's classic `` roots of evil , '' and should be of interest to any student of modern history and politics
i recommend this book highly for anyone who is losing a close family member or friend to illness or who has lost someone and just are having a hard time coming to terms with why
there is a cure from your liberal disease . take a non-partisan journey with dr savage and open your so called liberal mind to the truth . and remember conservative and wacko are polar opposites
i was wrong . ok , i 've admitted it . i always thought science fiction or futuristic type novels were n't my cup of tea . while reading conspiracy in death i realized i could n't have been more wrong - i love this futuristic series ! a homeless man is murdered and the case is assigned to eve dallas , since it 's not a random act of violence . this man , snooks , died when his heart was surgically removed by what appeared to be a very skilled surgeon . when dallas digs a bit further , she discovers that this crime is connected to another committed in new york city where an aged lc ( licensed companion ) died as the result of her liver being removed . after even more digging , dallas discovers a case in chicago and one abroad that were all similar . these were not the result of black market organ sales since all of the victims were within a few months of dying . in order for eve dallas to find the murderer she had to figure out why these victims were chosen . the closer she got to that answer , the more nervous very influential politicians and doctors became . when she got too close to the truth , the villain had to put a stop to her investigation . the best way to get dallas off the case was to have her suspended from the police department . this was a simple procedure since there was a conflict between the patrol officer who discovered snook 's body and dallas . when that patrolwoman was brutally murdered suspicion fell on dallas . stripped of her badge and weapon , the very items that have been the heart and sole of her during her adult life , she has to deal with not only the idea of not being a police detective , but also with trying to solve this crime having her hands tied . the main plot was interesting but the villain was predictable and no surprise . there was excellent character development and as usual j.d . robb ( aka nora roberts ) draws the reader into the suspense to the point of not being able to put down the book . what makes this book above average and falling into the excellent range is the fantastic subplot of eve dallas being stripped of her identity as a policewoman and how she must deal with the various facets of that . at times , it was more intense and more exciting that the main plot . this is definitely one to read , as all of the `` in death '' series books have been . start with the first book when reading because j.d . robb always has a couple of instances where she reflects on previous happenings . or you can start with the first book just because it 's the beginning of an excellent adventure !
tim russert is a great journalist and this book is a great resource for ideas and suggestions on how to be a better dad . in fact there is something in this book for everyone no matter what your relationship with your father is or was . the most precious things a father can provide are time , attention , and love . this book makes the reader sit back and appreciate the little things only you and your dad know . great work ! keep it up , tim ! -- i also watch most of tim 's tv programs .
the boston based author , dennis lehane , wrote a great detective story with a social background so great , it is almost more important than the plot . `` mystic river '' differs from lehane 's other books and indeed raises him to the next level as a writer . `` mystic river '' is set in the fictional boston suburb , called east buckingham ( the author explains it as an amalgamate of dorchester , charlestown and south boston and it really feels like dorchester ) , home mostly to white working class , with plenty of crime . i liked the background info especially since i could relate to it , knowing the area ... the first part , which is the base and explanation for later events , takes place in 1975 , when one of the three eleven-year old neighborhood boys playing in the street is abducted by two men in an apple-smelling car , and although he comes back after four days , his life as well as his friends ' is changed forever . the ways of the boys soon part , dave ( the boy taken by the men ) lives a quiet life , has a wife and a son , and likes his memories of being a football player in high school . jimmy , the `` bad boy '' , after doing some time in prison settles down as a storeowner with a nineteen-year old daughter from his first marriage , second wife and their two daughters . the third boy , college-educated sean , becomes a policeman.when jimmy 's beautiful daughter , katie , is found murdered in the park after a night out dave comes home covered in blood , sean gets assigned to the case . there are many leads to different people ... but the case is difficult . meanwhile , jimmy and his family embark on the search of their own.the plot is very good until the end , and psychological details as well as the insights into the society are extremely accurate . the characters are very real , especially jimmy and sean , who are central to the plot . their trauma after dave 's abduction made a lasting effect on their lives - in very different ways . they are complicated , multifaceted people , very well developed as literary characters . some side protagonists , depicting perhaps types rather than individuals ( bobby , roman , the savage brothers , sergeant whitey ) , are very good . i was in the grasp of this book until the end - it is not only great entertainment , but also food for thought . the movie based on `` mystic river '' with sean penn is equally moving - recommended for those with little time ...
his basic thesis is that a liberal empire can be a greatly positive force in the world , and that the united states is already an empire , but that our inablility to acknowledge the fact leads us to waste our opportunities to be the afore mentioned positive force . ferguson writes that america is plagued by an attention deficit disorder and too much love of the good life . thus , we get distracted too easily from important events overseas , and when we do try to intervene , we want quick fixes and low costs.i could n't agree more with most of these points . as an american , i 'm greatly ashamed of our collective ignorance . i hate feeling like a foreigner in my our country because i watch the news or can find sumatra on a map . also , the book strikes a chord with me because of my frustration with half measures in foreign interventions . countless times , i believe america has done more harm than good by , if you will , talking the talk but not walking the walk . if we commit to something , we need to follow through . this is as true in iraq today as it has been in the past . we 've claimed to support democracy in latin america , but then turned bannana republics into bannana autocracies . we greatly prolonged and increased vietnam 's suffering without changing the end result at all.with all this commonality , however , there are a few leaps of logic that ferguson makes that i ca n't bring myself to agree with . basically , he did n't sell me on the thought that the imperial model is the best way to develop the world . how are we supposed to know what is best for everyone ? wo n't our own biases and self interests inevitably distort even our most altruistic efforts ? when ferguson hold 's up the british empire as a model of success , i ca n't help but notice that the best results came only to those places of british colonization , with horrendous consequences for each of the native populations there . and the two greatest examples of beneficial american imperialism - japan and germany - were already highly developed before world war ii , so it probably was n't that much of a wonder that we were able to help them return to such a state.even if the positive power of empire is conceded , there are important differences between the state of world during the british empire and the state of the world now . it 's a concern of immunity from repercussions . in the golden age of imperialism , europe was in a kind of splendid isolation from its empires . not to say that there were no reprercussions , but , with the only modern navies in the world , europe was immune to any very serious threats . on the other hand , in today 's world , as an effect of globalization , power has become more decentralized in some respects . think wmds , terrorists , and foreign investments in the u.s. economy , for example . can america as easily afford to make enemies in the developing world as the british could ? in the end `` colossus '' did n't settle any agruments for me , but raised new and interesting questions . it is a book that makes you think , and that in and of itself is worth four stars .
finally a plan that works ! i have been able to keep my ideal weight , feel great and still enjoy the beneficial foods for my blood type ! this book makes a difference for those out there who have had problems with weight gain or poor health . try it ! my friend recommended this book highly [ ...
shakespeare 's life is frustratingly beyond our sight . aside from the plays ( which , in many cases , come down to us in different versions ) , we have a slim scattering of legal documents , marriage and birth records , and vague secondary accounts . as the world 's preeminent shakespeare scholar , greenblatt has managed to assemble all these sources and , with a healthy dose of conjecture , arrive at something resembling a biography of the world 's greatest dramatist . more than that , though , this work is a biography of the age in which shakespeare lived and wrote -- -elizabethan and jacobian london -- -and how the major events of this time affected shakespeare 's plays . for example , the writing of king lear may have been encouraged by a trial in 1603 in which two sisters tried to have their father declared insane so they could take control of his wealth and estate , while the youngest daughter ( named cordell ) tried to stop them -- -a story uncannily similar to what is considered to be the bard 's greatest tragedy . what impressed me the most about this biography is how ordinary shakespeare seemingly was . he did n't seem pretentious or snobbish , as some people envision him . he was born to a humble family and lived frugally , despite dying a rather wealthy man.although greenblatt 's writing is clear and accessible , he makes the assumption that you have already read shakespeare 's plays , or at least are very familiar with them . i have read about two thirds of them and felt a little behind when he discussed plays i had n't read , so if you have n't read more than , say , ten of his plays , the major ones , you need to crack open the norton shakespeare ( of which greenblatt is the editor-in-chief ) before you approach will in the world .
the late carl sagan was one of the most popular , influential , and successful interpreters of astronomy to the american public . in 1973 he published `` the cosmic connection '' . he offered a daring view of the universe and his seminal work became a classic of popular science , inspiring a generation of scientists and non-specialist general readers with an enthusiasm for all aspects of science in general , and astronomy in particular . now cambridge university press has reissued a new edition of sagan 's influential book , enhanced with freeman dyson 's commentary on sagan 's vision and on the importance of `` the cosmic connection '' ; ann dryan 's assessment of sagan 's cultural significance as a champion of science ; and david morrison 's discussion of the advances made over the past 30 years and what became of sagan 's predictions . carl sagan 's cosmic connection is `` must '' reading for all sagan fans and anyone interested in how his views and predictions have held up over the past three decades of rapid advances in the science of astronomy and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence
perhaps the long shadow of francis parkman has discouraged historians from writing about the french and indian war ( seven year 's war ) . whatever the reason it 's good to see from the publication of several books that americans are taking a renewed interest in the pre-revolutionary period when the british were triumphant and the indians still counted as a political force . it 's past time for a thorough revision of parkman -- who was ungenerous with the indians although i thrilled as a young reader to his descriptions of their ferocity -- for example , the `` insensate fury '' of the iroquois . actually , the iroquois were less insensate than they were astute . calloway omits the bloody details and vivid writing of parkman but he gives us a thorough picture of what happened in the wake of the english victory over the french in north america . in particular he focuses on the frontier and the built-in conflict of american settlers , british policy , and the indian tribes who either went down to defeat with the french or were betrayed by perfidious albion . they made their point , however , in pontiac 's war and by clearing white settlers from the frontier . but their numbers were declining and they would soon be overwhelmed . this is a good book about the issues of the frontier between whites and indians . in addition , there 's a good account of the french movement from canada to louisiana and the spanish rule in florida and the trans-mississippi . smallchief
ellen wright has done it again . this time , with meredith brokaw . and the two have combined to put together a wonderful array of recipes that are easy to follow and wonderful to serve to guests . often at my dinner parties i refer to ellen wright 's previous books . but now big sky opens a new door to cooking and presents inviting and simple recipes that will have your guests in awe of your skills . even for simple family meals , you will find yourself referring to big sky time and time again ... i do n't know what i did before big sky was published . this is a five-star cookbook that everyone should have in their home .
deyoung begins by relating how bush pushed powell out at the end of his 1st term , without the courtesy of even personally discussing it with him ; making matters worse was the fact that bush did n't even know why powell was at the white house when it came time to say `` good bye . `` colin powell came from jamaican parents ( often called `` jewmaicans '' by american negroes because of the emphasis they placed on hard work and education ) , and during his early life in the nyc area suffered little , if any , racial prejudice . later on , unfortunately , the insults were quite aggravating , but powell was determined to not let them inhibit his performance.powell was an indifferent student in high school and at ccny ( majored in geology ) ; however , rotc piqued his sophomore-year interest and he soon became a standout . powell went on to be selected outstanding cadet , and top graduate ( or very close ) in every military training setting he undertook , as well as a top mba student at george washington university . he also was top-ranked by superiors in almost every military assignment , leading to his being offered a white house fellowship , which in turn provided powell with travel to russia and china and brought him in contact with a number of influential people who were impressed enough to forward powell onto chairman of the joint chiefs , national security advisor , and secretary of state.one of powell 's `` secrets of success '' was to enthusiastically implement all orders , even those he considered silly - powell himself believed that doing otherwise grounded the careers of many talented others.unfortunately , powell eventually crossed paths with dick cheney ( a bit of a problem during gulf war i ; a serious problem when cheney became v.p . ) . between cheney 's far-right bias ( `` out on the looney fringe '' - per powell ) and bush ii 's `` disturbingly disjointed '' decision-making - per treasury secretary o'neill ) , powell 's contributions as secretary of state were severely limited and constantly undermined and countermanded - often with don rumsfeld 's help . in addition , he was often left out of important decisions , especially when out of the country . ultimately , powell 's credibility suffered from the inaccurate information provided in his u.n. speech attesting to saddam 's wmd.the big question , still debated , is `` why did n't he resign ? '' his supporters believe the reason is that powell 's nature simply did n't allow anything less than 100 % support.bottom line : if cheney had not been such an ideologue ( telling bush there were no candidates good enough to run as his v.p . - ignoring powell , and then sliding into the position himself ) , powell would be v.p . today , possibly president in 2008 . similarly , if bush # 41 had not been so stubborn and instead replaced quayle with powell in '92 , powell might well have become first v.p. , and then president
as with many of the `` for dummies '' series , controlling cholesterol is a well-executed overview of many issues relevant to cholesterol . author carol rinzler 's light and humorous discussion ranges from a concise description of what cholesterol is , to many of the different approaches to lowering cholesterol and why `` target '' values for cholesterol can differ in different people . there 's an especially helpful discussion on the effects of various popular diets like atkins ' , sugar busters , and protein power -- pluses and minuses of each . `` ten cholesterol myths '' in chapter 16 is a great discussion that can help clear up much of the murkiness surrounding cholesterol issues and can help answer many of the questions that i am asked when treating cholesterol in my patients ( in my cardiology practice ) . one criticism : like all books about cholesterol , controlling cholesterol for dummies gives the reader the impression that high cholesterol is the only way to identify risk for heart disease , as well as a means of diminishing risk of heart attack . this is patently untrue , but not really a criticism of this book as it is of the standard thinking on cholesterol . there are better ways ! nonetheless , this book does serve its intended purpose very well : educate the reader thoroughly on the conventional understanding of cholesterol .
this book is a very detailed starting point for renaisance fans . at its heart this is a socio-economic history . the clever inclusion of climate and geographic conditions presuasively explained why prosperous capitalism grew in some regions while others remained stagnant . chapter 5- '' the human unit '' was the most informative . most facets of history are here for the reader to absorb . this is the type of book we all wished we had in school
this book is simply incredible . a more stimulating book i could n't imagine ! it 's not that it told me so much i did n't know intuitively , but seeing it written so distinctly in black and white really hit home . this is one to read if you really want to get a sense of just how dramatically the world has changed . neal gabler , tells it like he sees it and has a lot of research to back up his views . i love that he does n't make judgements or try to press an opinion on the reader . it 's left up to you to decide how you feel about it all . i find myself thinking of points he brought up throught the day and seeing just what he meant by experiencing it in `` real '' life . the only reason i did n't give it a 5 is because i wish it was a bit more in-depth . it 's so engaging that i can imagine an entire college course being made from this book . it is a book that 's as entertaining as it is informative , and that 's the whole point
i highly recommend this book . it 's wonderful ! desi arnaz is a great writer . he tells about his career and personel life honestly and with humor as well . he had a great voice as well
digital photography is a fast-moving target , and this book manages to keep abreast of the latest changes with valuable information that 's vital for anyone doing digital photography . it explains all the key concepts clearly and completely , with lots of advice on getting the best photographs with any type of digital camera . i would have liked additional coverage of digital slrs , but i have found that elsewhere , and still prefer complete digital photography 's treatment of the broader topics
the penguin guide is still the best in the business . it has its biases but you ca n't beat its comprehensiveness and the reviewers wide range and love of the music are evident
are you looking for a way to get your kids into the kitchen , turing out tasty projects ? i know i was -- and i went through about fifteen `` kids '' cookbooks at the local bookstore before i stumbled on this little gem . it was the only cookbook ( other than the everything kid 's cookbooks ) that would actually get a child into the kitchen . the projects are appealing on all levels -- they are easy to assemble , they are too cute for words , and they have super easy to follow pictoral instructions . it also has a good balance of entrees to deserts , unlike some of the family cookbooks i 've reviewed . and with the desserts -- like cookies -- it takes one basic recipe and shows you about four different ways to use it -- marvelous ! it 's also pantry friendly -- no star fruit or rare ingredients you do n't have laying around.now if you 're looking for a kids cookbook to vary your family 's fare , then keep in mind this is a slender picture-book sized volume -- you wo n't find more than 22 projects in the whole book . for a good standard family cookbook , i recommmend beyond mac 'n ' cheese by mops . but if you are looking to get your kids ( 12 and under ) into the kitchen to spend some time together having fun at the counter , then do n't hesitate to buy this little gem ! it is my number one recommendation for children 's cookbook , project-wise.for the above twelve set , i recommend the everything kid 's cookbook because it is a little more geared towards meals and has crossword puzzles and fun foods that are meant to be played with . if you are looking for a cookbook with tons of recipes that will appeal to your family , be pantry friendly *and* save you money , check out `` cheap . fast . good . ''
the product was in excellent condition and the shipping was the fastest i have seen to be from regular postal service . it got here less than a week
i can not put into words what this journal of the truth has done for me as a african-american male living in the united states of america . i was introduced to this book by a man of guyanese decent who knew i needed to read this book . i have to admit it was a difficult read because my primary education only spoke of american history and there was no mentioning of any african-caribbean contributors from the `` middle passage '' period . now , at thirty-nine many things are clearer to me . `` roots '' and `` beloved '' are historic , well-documented treasures and need to be used in educating all children no matter race , creed or color . to make sure what i read had some semblance of truth while in puerto rico i visited a sugar mill in guanica and my heart just melted . if you read the book you will understand my feelings . i became angry because something as simple as not being forthwith with documented history such as this to young minds of american children lead to misunderstandings amongst the masses hailing from africa , south america , the caribbean , asia , united states and europe . eric williams i know i can not thank you in person because you are no longer here physically but your spirit lives on in your books and you will always be alive everytime one more person reads your book and awaken `` thank you '' ! for everyone else read the book it will cleanse your soul and feed your mind . once you finish this read `` how europe underdeveloped africa '' by the same author
what a great book . i have been turned off to religion due to the negativeness that surrounds it . watching joel osteen on tv and reading this book makes me love god even more . when i think back on my life , i have truly had many blessings and i no longer need to feel guilty for accepting god 's blessings.god has always been about love , hope , faith and greatness . he has never been about hatred , prejudice or guilt .
even someone who is n't a dedicated/hardcore fan of the halo series can appreciate the beautiful art and all the work that went into designing this game . worth every penny
this book makes bsc theory utterly accessible . it provides an appropriate amount of background for those who do not know bsc theory well , but the balance of the book is dedicated to implementing bsc for almost any type of company ( profit , non-profit , public sector ) . niven 's language is clear and thorough and his book serves as a step-by-step implementation plan for bsc
i have only read the swedish translation of what i suppose is the `` old edition '' , but judging by `` look inside this book '' , this new english-language edition incorporates much material from the old . incidentally , the swedish edition gives the authors name as kallistos ware , apparently his taken orthodox name , while timothy ware is his original , given name . in sweden , the swedish translation of `` the orthodox church '' is the only readily available book on the history of the orthodox church . apparently , its used informally as a textbook in some college classes on church history . it also contains chapters on theology and worship.in my opinion , the book is a necessary introduction for those interested in orthodox church history . its first chapters summarize the history of this church during the byzantine empire , under islam , and in russia both before and during communism . of particular interest is the authors interpretation of the catholic-orthodox split , usually dated to 1054 . the author believes that the so-called fourth crusade in 1204 was the real and final consummation of this split . however , the book must also be read with some reservations . the author is , after all , an orthodox christian himself . its safe to assume that there is a certain bias here and there . for instance , ware denies that the byzantine church was caesaropapist , a very untenable suggestion . at other times , he is surprisingly `` liberal '' for an orthodox . for instance , he paints mehmet fatih , the muslim conqueror of constantinople , as a very tolerant ruler . i also wonder about his interpretation of the church father cyprian . even so , `` the orthodox church '' remains an indepensable book for those looking for a short and concise historical over-view of this remarkable christian church .
o'hara is one of the most underrated of american writers . _rage to live_ builds a strong character in grace caldwell tate -- her passions are handled with delicacy and skill and her story is told with a rare combination of affection and judgement . a good place to begin with o'hara if you do n't know his work already
anything you purchase in the left behind series is an excellent read . these books are great and very close to the bible . i have the entire set . amazon is a great shopping site and they ship fast . i would recommend these to any christian wanting to know about what to expect during the return of christ ! they are fiction but still makes a good point
david baldacci has a knack for writing fiction that sucks you in and holds you no matter what the story . part of the talent is to introduce interesting characters . this book is no exception . sara evans is a clerk working for a supreme court justice . she is quite close to another clerk ( michael fiske ) who works for a different judge . michael asks sara to marry him but sara really loves michael 's brother john , who sara has only seen once and never officially met.michael comes across an appeal that intrigues him ( to say exactly why would be a spoiler and it is only revealed very late in the book as to exactly what intrigued him ) so much that he pulls it out before it is filed and goes to visit the requestor . that happens to be a rufus harms who is serving a life sentence in an army prison for murdering a girl.when michael goes to see harms , practically all hell breaks loose and harms realizes he is in danger himself and some mysterious evil guys from the prison murder michael . apparently there was some secrets in harms appeal that some powerful unknown men do not want known.michael 's murder is investigated by his brother john ( an ex-cop who is now a defense lawyer for the lowest of the low criminals ) and he enlists the aid of sara who was close to michael and knows some things about michael . sara is instantly in love with john and the more they start investigating the more they put their lives at risk from the unknown powerful men . additionally , the police start to suspect john of the murder of his brother especially when he is named as the sole beneficiary of michael 's life insurance.meanwhile rufus harms has escaped prison from some of those men that tried to kill him . so we have tension throughout to see if rufus will survive as well as john and sara before the evil guys get them.there is a lot of good information about what goes on behind the scenes at the supreme court . a good rea
carl hiaasen spins a tale of adventure and humor that should motivate young readers to protect wildlife and natural resources . hoot is set in the seaside town of coconut cove . the plot revolves around mother paula 's pancake house , a fictitious restaurant chain in florida about to build its 100th store on a parcel of land inhabited by families of burrowing owls . the developers know about the endangered owls and removed legal evidence of the owls from public records . unwary citizens applaud mother paula 's in coconut cove . the lone crusader for the owls is a boy nicknamed mullet fingers who lives in the backwoods dodging truant officers . he pulls up construction stakes and invents other nocturnal forays to stop development . mullet fingers enlists the help of his step sister , beatrice and new kid , roy . beatrice is a middle-school soccer queen who holds her own with the boys . roy is a level-headed kid who moves to coconut cove from montana , earning the dubious title of cowgirl . when you throw in a zany cop , a redneck construction boss , a sly businessman , a high school teacher willing to support kids acting for righteous causes and a bully whose attempts to squash roy you 've got a pretty good read !
this book still does not address many areas i find interesting in james brown 's career but i find it a natural companion to the three other jb books in my collection : cynthia rose 's `` living in america : the soul saga of james brown '' ; geoff brown 's biography `` james brown '' ; and ofcourse , the brown/tucker `` the godfather of soul - james brown '' . all three dig deep into this metaphysical musician 's mind but this one has a stronger narrative , a bit less guarded : his late '80s fall is described in a more contrite way , for example . his scientific study of his audience is perhaps something new in his dialogue - but he broaches the subject of how music motivates women in a different way than it does men , then immediately moves on to the next thought . even by 2005 standards his live albums contain some of the most overt sexuality , obviously directed at the female fans , ever recorded . similarly , his admonitions to admonishes contemporary rap/hip-hop artists are eloquent but must be deemed a bit self-righteous : there is alot of `` adult '' content in his catalogue which ca n't be explained away as `` art '' . however , fans can trace his development into more `` cerebral '' music , with more and more sensitive ballads and socially-conscious tunes being produced from the late '60s on.i was happy to read his description of little richard 's assistance in his early career , but a bit disheartened when he suggested that penniman was basically a rock and roll raver - i find it hard to believe that this publication brought out his true feelings about his georgia neighbor - the influence is quite obvious and not just on `` chonnie on chon '' . another depressing ommission is with marva whitney , his popular lead female vocalist from c.'67 to '70 . a recent documentary reveals that marva traveled to vietnam with the star but here he simply says that he was only allowed to travel with a small part of his musical backup . despite the above concerns , with this book james brown has shown the literary world that he is a writer . ofcourse this was obvious to the musical world - just listen to `` do n't be a drop out '' , `` i do n't want nobody to give me nothing '' , `` the man in the glass '' , `` i 'm not demanding '' , `` it 's christmas time '' , and `` peace in the world ''
the story is both true and extremely unique : the author , who is an austrian mountaineer and a ss nazi officer at the same time , escapes from a british pow camp in india with the goal to go through tibet to japan-occupied burma , to be sent back to germany , so as not to miss his chance to participate in wwii . the extreme difficulties of hiding from officials and surviving the wintry elements of the himalaya mountains make his burma plan impossible , so he stays in tibet . his unthinkable achievements include storming his way into the `` forbidden city '' ( lhassa , the capital ) , gaining employment in the tibetian government , becoming a friend of the `` god-king '' dalai lama - an extremely bright , knowledge-hungry teenager , and learning the tibetian language to the degree which anable him to do live interpretation for dalai lana of english-language movies ( `` believe me , it is not easy for a german to translate shakespearian english into tibetian '' ) . going with a yak through the snows of the 20,000-feet himalayan passes , escaping merciless robbers , manouvering between border guards - make seven years in tibet a great adventure book . however , the insightful and rich observations about tibetian people , customs , culture and politics , go far beyond any other available information on that far-away country , and dalai-lama 's foreword to this book confirms this fact.the peaceful and friendly life and culture of tibet is raped by military annexation of tibet by china in 1951 . the ancient monasteries are destroyed , the puritan-like culture is replaced by such crude elements of civilization as e.g . brothels for the occupying soldiers , dalai lama twice escapes to india , and so does the author ; one third of the tibetians die of starvation . `` seven tears ib tibet '' allows us a bitter-seet inside into see a country , that lived the way how countries in medieval times lived ; also , the country trampled and largely destroyed by its aggressive neighbour .
i have to give philippa gregory a big thank you ! for approaching this story from a different perspective from the other boleyn girl . it delves into the lives of those in poverty without straying far from the lavish lifestyles of english royalty and wealth . again i was attached to the characters and their struggles while learning much about the time period and historical events . there were a few very alluring relationships between the narrator and the men she encounters creating a whirlwind of emotions for the reader but in the end , i was very pleased with the romantic outcome of the book . so if you are deciding whether or not you 'd like to read this after having read the other boleyn girl , i greatly encourage you to do so , you wo n't regret it
sorry i just wrote this so that there would be 667 votes and not 666 im not very religous but i find that number to be very strange and disturbing . holla back im going to buy this boo
having spent time negotiating sports sponsorship contracts , i have a new found love for negotiating . in reading this book , the authors have laid out a clear and concise program in which to begin , work through and close negotiatings . a great book for beginners and a good brush up for intermediates and pros
this is one of the best books i have ever read that captures the experience of visual impairment . it is beautifully written and very evocative . it will move those who are not visually impaired as well
as a history major ( undergrad ) and former high school history teacher , i marvel at crichton 's ability book after book to research a topic down to the bone then flesh it out in an utterly believable and compelling way . for this reason the great train robbery is for me my favorite crichton work , even though it may lack the polish of jurassic park or congo or one of his more recent books . tgtr takes us to 19th century london and gives us a plausible behind the scenes look both at the masterminding of this incredible train robbery , as well as life in general in 19th century london . so often history books give names , dates , connections , but leave one with the question , `` yes , but what was it like ? '' crichton answers this better than any book i ever read on the sheep enclosure act or most any other dry text . some of it may be fanciful , but it certainly seemed as well supported as many another full blown history text.at any rate , i highly recommend this book for any crichton fan , master criminal fan , or interested history student . the main character , whose name escapes me , alone is a grand study and reminiscent of a larger than life character from a hugo or dumas novel . very fascinating and rapidly moving .
i just recently discovered an interest in philosophical thought , and i found myself overwhelmed by all the resources available to me . i had no idea where to start when i stumbled across the philosophy gym . nothing could have been more appropriate . it dives right into all the hot topics and gave me some foundational knowledge about how to approach those issues from a logical standpoint . it introduces the reader to basic philosophical terminology as well as several of the great historical philosophers and their famous arguments . each topic is brilliantly presented in nice bite-sized chunks with suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter . i could n't be more pleased with this intro to philosophy
when i was in the sixth grade we moved twice , and in all three of the schools from new jersey to connecticut to japan i got to study ancient greece in the history part of the class . i also got a lot of mileage out of having read edith hamilton 's `` mythology '' ( i still have my mythology report with my versions of all of the illustrations ) . but in all the times i got to study ancient greece before , during , and after the sixth grade i never got to do any of the fun stuff that avery hart & paul mantell come up with for `` ancient greece ! : 40 hands-on activities to experience this wondrous age . '' this kaleidoscope kids volume for kids ages 7-12 not only offers activities but also a variety of information about the ancient greeks . so this is not simply a book of activities that teachers can pick and choose from to give their students hands-on experiences , it is also a source of facts and stories that will supplement what exists in whatever textbook is being used . throughout the book there are `` great greeks ! '' and things to `` think about . '' after reminding young readers of the gifts that have come down to us from ancient greece , hart and mantell get students acclimated to the idea of looking at the past from the perspective of those who lived way back when . then the book looks at key periods of greek history . `` meet the minoans : the pre-greeks of crete '' looks at the culture that gave rise to the greatness of greece with activities to make a greek yo-yo , a great mother figure , a hamster labyrinth ( without the minotaur ) , and a fantastic fresco . that gives you an indication of the sort of activities to be found in this book before we even get to greece itself . other chapters are devoted to `` the age of heroes , '' where you get a super-short version of `` the iliad '' and can build a trojan horse , `` language unites ! '' ( including speaking `` pig greek '' ) , `` the dawn of a golden age , '' where you can organize a pentathlon and make a victory wreath , and `` ye gods ! greek religion and mythology , '' where you can design your own constellation.in the last part of the book chapters cover `` classical athens : the flower of ancient civilization , '' where you get to build a greek temple with ionic columns ( or even build the entire parthenon ) , `` think for yourself : philosophy , '' where students can make a monochord or hold a symposium , and `` the amazing arts , '' which covers create sculptures and painting pots in the first part and making masks to make up a greek play in the second part . the final chapter covers `` a wider world : alexander the great and the hellenistic age , '' where you can start a library . at the end , students can appreciate how being a greek meant standing in the center of the world ( as least , as far as the ancient greeks were concerned ) . again , there are some key issues to be discussed to go along with the activities . students can debate what is the difference between a hero and a celebrity , understand why every vote counts in a democracy , and decide what makes somebody beautiful . learning how to press olives or how huge blocks of marble were transported across the sea , gives students an appreciation for how things were different way back when . throughout the book hart and mantell show how ancient ideas live on in modern traditions , which remains the biggest legacy of the ancient greeks . i teach classical greek & roman mythology ( not to be confused with modern greek & roman mythology apparently ) but i teach it online so i do not really have any opportunities to have my students engage in hands-on activities . but that does not mean i can not do them in the privacy of my own home or that elementary school teachers will not find these extremely useful for their unit on ancient greece . although i am suddenly reminded of coming up with the `` sparthens '' ( a.k.a . the warriors with the brains ) in elementary school . but that is another story
the book is set up with an activity for each letter of the alphabet . the activities can be used in any order , which works for teachers who want to integrate this into their existing curriculum . the reproducibles are quality learning material , yet still entertaining for primary students
while peter jay fernandez and jay o. sanders are n't the only actors to narrate the acclaimed cross series , they certainly are among the finest . with a host of television appearances to his credit ( law & order , cosby ) massachusetts born hernandez has also made his mark on broadway in jelly 's last jam and the merchant of venice . his voice has a tad of huskiness , which makes it all the more appealing as cross . in all , fernandez has been featured in almost 12 of the alex cross tales , so he well knows the characters and easily inhabits each scene . to date , jay o. sanders has narrated over 50 audio books , and he 's a perfect voice partner for fernandez . his experience includes off-broadway roles in shakespearean plays , which may account for his remarkably clear diction and easy listening tone . the voices of fernandez and sanders complement one another as they bring one of the most compelling cross stories to life . it 's a painful attention-getter when we listen again to how cross lost his beloved wife , maria - she was shot down before his eyes . her killer was never found ; the case chalked off as another sick drive-by shooting . now , cross has returned to being a psychologist , his children are thriving , and perhaps he may be able to love someone again . however , a telephone call from john sampson , his old partner , changes all that . sampson wants cross 's help in finding a psychopathic serial rapist on the loose in georgetown . of course , cross ca n't say no but little did he realize that this investigation would lead him to a tie-in to maria 's death some years ago . one more rapid paced thriller from the amazing pen of james patterson read by two consummate voice performers . - gail cook
after purchasing many dog training manuals and finding them not quite up to snuff , i was very pleased to finally find a book which was comprehensive and authoritative . it breaks each area of the sport down and is easy to follow . the book is intelligently written
one of the nicest things someone did for me when i lost my husband to leukemia was to send me this book . the selections are sympathetic and inspiring . also , they 're short at a time when the mourner really ca n't concentrate on long selections . this book has helped me through the most difficult time of my life
this book was great . it read well and never was too slow . it was fair to both sides of the war and the leaders who fought the battles and planned the campaign . it was complete in that it discussed the men , tactics , weapons , and terrain in the southern campaign . not only was this book a great souce for the southern war but it also gave good insight into the revolutionary war in general . if you 're interested in this topic and want to increase you 're knowledge of the southern war , get this book . it 's informative as well as pleasing to read
i bought this book for my 8 and 10 year old to learn more about american history while we live abroad in europe . i was more than pleased when i began reading the stories and found that they love the book ! from the lewis & clark expedition to pac man , the stories are interesting and succinct enough to hold my kids ' interest .
i 've just returned from a reading of this book by my philosophy professor , dr. luke barber . although he only read from a couple chapters , it was easy to figure out that this book is definitely a must have for anyone who loves life ( or would like to learn how ) . containing good , useful ( not to mention funny ) stories , you will be able to relate to the text easily and effectively ! i plan on purchasing this book and i would definitely recommend it to anyone interested ( and even those that are not ! )
`` those who write well have more power and therefore have more control over their lives '' ( p.21 ) . if this is indeed true then mem fox is a very powerful woman ! in the midst of the phonics vs. whole language war being raged in the media , this book is a call for reading and writing teachers to examine their practices and strive for truly purposeful , artful teaching . fox 's insights into her life as a writer , teacher and mother make this a truly inspiring and intensely challenging read . i have always believed that to be an effective reading teacher , i must be a reader , able to share my passion for books with my students , but mem fox points out that unless i am a writer as well , i will be unable to know the difficulties , fears , hopes and needs of my students as writers . i plan to thoughtfully explore the forms of writing i use , examine the writing process i go through and share my writing with my students on a more regular basis . i am convinced that we will all grow from the experience !
frazee 's comical `` guide for babies of all ages '' has a subconscious message behind the humor , meanwhile encouraging those first few steps that will open up a universe of new experiences , baby leaving the shelter of the familiar for the unknown . the roly-poly baby illustrated is tiny compared to everything around him , objects taller than him , but once he pulls himself up and begins that first , tentative journey , it is impossible to stop . of course , there are a few cautions along the way , `` be careful of things that are wobbly ; stay away from fragile stuff '' . there are the usual setbacks , too-much too-soon and a tumble to the floor , followed by a howl and the effort to being again . cleverly worded and cheerfully illustrated , this tongue-in-cheek guide is a delight , offering more food for thought than is first apparent . luan gaines/ 2006 .
trauma can occur for a wide variety of reasons . in my family across two generations there have been suicides , schitzophrenia , abandonment and childhood abuse . we are a , so called , 'normal ' middle class family . no family is immune from traumatic episodes . i found peter levine 's ideas insightful and helpful . his outline of the causes of medical trauma are particularly interesting . the chapters dealing with trauma in children help me consider avenues of assistance to help my grandchildren following the suicide of their mother . i would like to read levine 's subsequent book about childhood trauma
i could n't count how many copies of this book i have purchased . the most recent was for my third grandchild due later this month . this book is the best there is for the very young child . for each of my own three children , it was a stand-out favorite that was read over and over until overuse required it be replaced . we certainly could n't be without a copy ! since then , this book is always included whenever i give gifts to new parents . the book is the touchy-feely type so the child explores the soft fur of the bunny , daddy 's scratchy beard , etc . the only times i hesitated buying it for a new baby was once when the mom was unwed and the father was not involved with her or the child ( there is a page on daddy 's beard and one for mother 's ring ) and another time for a family of color since parents in the book are caucasian .
it kept me guessing till the end ! i did n't want to put it down . the only part that i would have changed would have been that the one lady would have lived . ca n't wait to read her next book .
this is a resource used by all nps i have talked to . great addition to your library .
a good thriller , that was very grisham . delivered on exactly what you read grisham for .
great speeches by native americans is the model of simplicity . though edited by bob blaisdell , who presumably provides the single-paragraph introductions , the bulk of the book is simply the spoken words of native americans from the time of first contact in north america to the present day . their messages speak for themselves.a number of themes and characteristics run through these selections . one is their brevity . the speakers get to the point and make it clearly . few inclusions run longer than five pages . there is also a level of genuine ( and often sad ) honesty . many selections concern the loss of tribal lands and the american indians ' efforts to hold onto them or gain just compensation , if such a thing was possible at the time . the tone is often one of resignation , but also of appeal to the better nature of their listeners . it is not possible to say if these speeches were carefully selected for this editorial theme or not , but it appears that for several centuries the native peoples viewed , rightly or wrongly , the european and later american entry into the continent as something that words and argument and demonstrated moral behavior could combat . even among the surrender speeches of various tribal chiefs we see the notion that no speaker could really understand what their people could have done differently to avoid such conflicts.the style could almost be considered anti-oratorical , though the simple approach is here elevated to a style of its own . one should probably consider that many of these speeches are translated into english . nonetheless , the organization of thought and prioritization of points shows a group of people , separated by years , language , and geography who retain a clear-headed means of addressing their listeners
set in venice at the end of world war ii , hemingway tells a romantic and touching story of the love affair between a gruff 50 year old american colonel and renata , a young and very pretty italian contessa . loss is a recurring theme -- the death of many of the colonel 's subordinates in combat , the break-up of his earlier marriage to a career woman , and the severe injury to one of the colonel 's hands from which he suffers constant pain . the colonel may also be dying and his time left with his young lover may be very short.what gives the novel so much poignancy and resonance is the great devotion renata and the colonel have for one another . renata seeks to comfort the colonel and implores him to relate to her the worst of his combat experiences so that he may relieve some of his bitterness . the colonel lovingly calls renata , `` daughter . `` hemingway tells this tale in the deceptively simple , direct , and matter of fact style for which he is justly celebrated . i could have done without the duck hunting sequences and some of the colonel 's more obvious macho behavior , but hemingway , being hemingway , understandably could not.this is a lovely and sad story , filled with the yearnings of its two lead characters
i saw the movie in a theater when it first came out . i was a teenager and , although i believed it to be primarily a girl 's movie , i did enjoy it . i 've seen it several times since then , and it still has not lost its charm . when i finally did read the book , i was disappointed that the movie did n't follow it more closely . to me , these are two different stories . the holly in the movie is likeable ; the novella 's holly is a harpie who cares for no one or nothing else . ( when my wife saw the movie , she remarked that holly was , `` an idiot . '' ) however , the book 's storyline is more interesting ... more haunting , and the book 's ending is more intriguing . the movie ends as a love story . the book is much more . and , oh yes , whatever you may think of capote as an individual , the guy was a damn good writer
always lively and perspicacious , this clever book seeks to solve a seemingly trivial puzzle : while historians have mustered a host of plausible explanations ( weapons , diseases , horses , etc . ) for why europeans spread so thickly into north america , australia , new zealand and argentina ( the lands crosby labels `` neo-europes '' ) , what could possibly explain why the dandelion did so as well ? the question does n't appear so innocuous when it is pointed out that not just the dandelion , but the european housefly , and feral pigs , and a horde of other weeds , pests , crops , diseases and livestock from europe followed suit . quite often these organisms , even the domesticated ones , raced ahead of european explorers themselves , rapidly proliferating into vast herds and stands that the settlers themselves could not fathom . why was this so ? why did n't , say , australian weeds , their seeds inadvertently shipped back to england , eventually carpet the meadows and fields of europe ? to answer this odd question , professor crosby begins his story with pangaea -- the great supercontinent that began to split apart about 200 million years ago into the continents we now have scattered about the globe . these `` seams of pangaea '' then forced a radical divergence in the terrestrial flora and fauna of the planet , and set the stage for the equally radical convergence initiated when european mariners crossed these now mid-oceanic seams . crosby details case after case in each category : weeds , pests , livestock , diseases and crops . he forcefully illustrates how sudden and overwhelming the ecosystem takeover was until the suspense is too much to bear . what is the answer ? he drops clues every now and then , and the most explicit one is in the form of a quote that begins one of the final chapters : if weeds are to be defined as those organisms that thrive on the disturbances caused by humans , then humans themselves must be considered the primary weed of all . here , then is the answer : all the opportunistic fellow-travelers of the european diaspora are exquisitely coadapted to the scale and pace of the continuous ecological disequilibrium characteristic of the old world civilizations -- and they , in turn , furthered and helped generate that very disequilibrium . together -- humans , horses , cattle , pigs , rats , clover , peaches , measles and , yes , dandelions -- comprised a potent self-replicating system , dimly discerned by its contemporaries , that could not be stopped once it spilled across the seams of pangaea
love the idea for these books - perry mason - nancy drew - ca n't wait for the next one . love the research that gets sprinkled in to make a fun book . who 's next mike hammer - philip marlowe ? ?
very informative but not overwhelming . easy to read - follow and understand - color photos and solid build .
this is one of the best business books i 've ever read . mr. nocera says it took him six years to write this book , and i believe it . the amount of work that went into this book is obvious . this is an excellent piece of business journalism . the annotations and bibliography are thorough , and the overall writing and editing is top notch.mr . nocera covers a rich array of elements important to the development of the financial services industry over the last half of the 20th century : - automated teller machines ( atms ) - the bankamericard ( later visa ) - outdated banking regulations- black monday , october 19 , 1987- jimmy carter 's futile attempts to wrestle runaway inflation in the late 1970's- cash management accounts ( cmas ) - citibank ( later citicorp ) - deregulation of brokers ' commissions- growth of american consumer debt as a result of runaway inflation in the late 1970's- america 's cultural adoption of the plastic credit card from the late 1950 's through 1993- the direct marketing of credit cards to americans and its great success- america 's worship of star mutual fund managers like peter lynch during the 1980's- the ineptitude of america 's elected officials to deregulate the banking industry in the face of dramatic changes in the financial services marketplace- the amazing impact money market mutual funds had on americans ' savings strategies given the inflexibility of the banking regulation q that capped savings deposit interest at around 5 % while interest rates were as high as 16 % + in the early 1980's- the significant growth and influence of fidelity investments and its leader ned johnson on the industry in the 1980's- individual retirement accounts ( iras ) and their impact on the growing wealth of americans- the rise of nonbank banks and other non-financial companies getting into the financial services arena during the 1970 's and 1980's- the pervasive impact and presence that andrew kahr had throughout the industry in creating new financial services products- the pollyana-ish impact of marshall loeb , editor of money magazine , had on `` middle class '' americans and their views of investing in securities- the amazing record of peter lynch despite the ever-growing size of the magellan fund- the slowness of merrill lynch to change along with the rest of the industry in de-emphasizing commission revenue versus asset management fees- the dramatic growth of mutual funds in the later half of the 20th century and all the billions the financial services industry makes from them each year- negotiable order of withdrawal ( now ) accounts- state laws on usury and how south dakota became the credit card capital of america- schwab 's onesource as the first 'mutual fund supermarket'- the dramatic risks of writing naked put options in 1987 just before black monday and how it impacted charles schwab & co.- the impact of `` reagonomics '' on american wealth-building- the 1980 's bull market leading up to black monday- the wild success of first deposit 's first select card as designed by andrew kahr and the adverse reaction to it by consumers and watchdog groups- paul volcker 's anti-inflation policy of ratcheting up interest rates in the early 1980 's and his general resistance to deregulation of the banking industry- ted and nina wang 's amazing margin calls during and after black mondaythe author does a great job of depicting the very interesting characters that led the money revolution in the later half of the 20th century , including dee hock of visa , ned johnson of fidelity , peter lynch of fidelity , andrew kahr the product development consultant , roger lawson of fidelity , marshall loeb of money magazine , charles merrill of merrill lynch , president jimmy carter and his administration , donald regan of merrill lynch and the reagan administration , charles schwab , gerald tsai jr. of fidelity , paul volcker of the federal reserve , and walter wriston and john reed of citibank.the writing is crisp , clear , and easy to read . few books come out like this and mr. nocera is to be commended for this first rate work.if you are even mildly interested in any of the items listed above , you will enjoy this book . if you find the financial services industry fascinating and/or work in the industry , you will love this book . it 's a page turner ! the only drawback to this book is that it was published over a decade ago in 1994 . so much has happened since then ! i encourage mr. nocera to pick up where he left off and put out a second edition that takes his readers up through 2005 .
i 've found the recipes here generally simple and easy to make ahead . mrs. burros is very clear in her instructions ( although i had some problems with a chocolate roll ) and the taste combinations are very good . as this book is an update of her original there are a number of amusing asides on changes in food ingredients and cooking styles between the two editions . not quite a `` must-have '' but useful
i love readding calvin and hobbes . best cartoon from the newspaper and great books . what a great imagination the writer is .
the subject provided a good historical perspective on japan 's renaissance period , post civil wars and pre-westernization . in many respects musashi , a ronin represents japan 's search for an identity , a country ruled by military might in the form of the shogun , yet keeping an emperor who they revered as a god , a god without power . this sword saint was a man of great prowess with a sword of wood or of steel ; he was also an artist , a lithographer and an author . yet , he was masterless , masterless in a time when righteous was measured in a retainer 's devotion to his master . he was his own master , in a time when japan had no voice , serving all , without righteous . it would take an other two hundred and fifty years or so and a world war to release the spirit of the samurai , that being honor amongst personal sacrifice a picture painted in the person of miyamoto musashi struggle for perfection and personal mastery of his profession , master of the sword
this was one of my first books to really read through . i fell in love with it at once and i could n't stop reading it . it is brilliant writing ! you can easily imagine everything dahl writes as fact . i will always hold roald dahl in my heart as the person who set my reading heart on fire , and i have been an avid reader ever since ! i still pull this book off the shelf and read it every couple of years . i am 21 and i still am enthralled with it . i now look for other books that he has written and still love his stuff . i will always be a fan , and you should be too , starting with this one ! a great book - for all ages
as a student studying mathematics , i find it very useul ! packed with 3200 terms and 200 illustrations , it 's a great quick reference guide . i found things in this guide that i could n't find in any other book or guide . another thing about this reference guide is the lack of poor illustrations and examples . some things this guide helped me with is parabolas , ellipses , hyperbolas , gamma funtion , zeta function , feigenbaum number , the greek alphabet , and much more . i thank david nelson and penguin books for such excellent work
overall , i think this is a very good book for someone who is trying to turn their health habits around , but is overwhelmed by all of the possibilities . it also a good track to run on for someone who wants to implement important life changes in an easy step-wise fashion . there is nothing fanatical about the recommendations and they can be easily implemented by almost anyone.one of the things i most like about this book is the encouraging tone and the prioritization of various changes that are made little-by-little in eating habits , exercise , etc . this book recommends walking as the main source of exercise and gives some great arguments for why this makes sense . i think there are also some good and simple nutritional guidelines e.g . eliminated trans fatty acids , eating more fiber , using more olive oil , etc.mixed in with some well researched conclusions are dr. weil 's opinions . for example , he recommends a fairly simple supplementation regimen . while it is true that not everything he says is necessarily supported by corresponding studies , it is also probably that some of it is on the mark , but the data is not all in or all of the variables are not possible to isolate . at the least , i do n't see where this level of supplementation would do harm to most people.i also like that dr. weil takes a holistic approach to health . he not only looks at and talks about the body . he also addressed stress and relaxation , life attitudes and other ingredients of a healthy life that impact on health . while he is very commercial , he is also a harvard trained physician and i do think that he has some very good insights to share.while in some ways i think this book can be better . i would still recommend it to almost anyone , especially people who are intimidated by the idea of exercising and changing their life habits . while not every suggestion might be on target , i am sure that if someone implemented all the suggestions over eight weeks , they would undergo a big positive change in the state of their health . i have certainly found this to be true and i cheat on some of them ;
know when you can start consulting as a sustainable business . receive a reasonable fee for your services . be prepared for the pitfalls of operating your own business . hear about success stories and business strategies from practicing computer consultants . learn about starting your consulting business , marketing , contracts , client relationships , and income producing consulting activities . this book is practical and realistic . the author has a negative opinion of big 5 accounting firms
at first , i found this book to be difficult to digest because it appeared to be heading in a direction that was in sacrilegious conflict with my beliefs as a christian and a catechist in the catholic church . yet a part of me was also highly fascinated and captivated by the story , especially since i work as a mental health professional . as i keep reading , i discovered that it was n't sacrilegious at all but rather a story of general faith and hope , of the extent a mother would go through to protect her child , and of the intrusive nature of the media . i particularly liked the strength mariah showed during this conflict , despite her past history of nervous breakdown . and i like the way the character of ian evolved from a sleazy teleaetheist to a caring and more moral man . the secondary characters were all wonderful , in particular mariah 's mother and the lawyers on both side . i thought the trial was once of the most interesting parts of the story . as with all picoult books , this was a deep and heavy novel which was n't easily breezed through , but it was definitely a compelling and awesome book to read !
this book covers in depth the lbo of rjr nabisco in the late 1980s . recommended to me by an investment banker friend that knew i wanted to go into m & a work , i decided to read it . i thought the book was excellent , but maybe unnecessarily long . the authors were meticulous in explaining everything about the deal and those involved - from the history to every single meeting and telephone conversation . the two authors never mentioned whether they were present during every conversation or not , but did an incredible job at recreating all that happened nonetheless . for someone interested in pursuing a top wall street job , this book is a must . for everyone else that just likes good non-fiction , this book does a superb job at representing the greed of an era
noah webster 's book is fascinating reading for today 's students and teachers alike , as well as for the average citizen , as there is much to learn from it . while it may be inappropriate to resurrect it as an official school text , it certainly has a place in every school library . one of the most notable features is the comprehensive phonetic system used , with diacritical marks ( accents ) applied to all relevant vowels and consonants ; words are divided according to syllables and stress . it also spells the names of letters of the alphabet ; something which tends to be ignored in modern teaching . the terminology of traditional grammar is used , and there are copious word lists , with words grouped according to common factors . i have no hesitation in recommending this book to all students of the english language for the above reasons and for many other interesting aspects ( now-archaisms : thy/thou ... ; foreign words and phrases ; abbreviations explained ; punctuation ; etc ) . this book should remain a spelling classic
thankfully , this is not littered with platitudes and meaningless anaologies , the hallmarks of 99 % of the latest-and-greatest business books . especially since it was written in 1999 , moore 's is an incredibly insightful and prophetic book on strategy for the high-tech industry . he was predicting cutting edge changes then that are coming into reality today in 2005 . the book is much more descriptive than prescriptive though , and is best used as a tool to instigate discussions about corporate strategy , rather than as a checklist for strategic implementation . i help run an online software development company and although it is n't exactly `` high tech '' i still found the vast majority of it very helpful and the rest of it fascinating . market shifts are demanding broadband wireless internet everywhere -- free . companies are shifting towards web-basing software applications . all very relevant to my business.the book is well written , an easy and moderately fast read , and very accessible by anyone who is technology-savvy enough to at least hold an email address . yes , buy it . buy the paperback and save money.short synopsis : in the infancy of a market , products need to be highly tailored to meet the psychological and technical needs of leading edge techno-geeks ; nothing new here . when a company wants to take that product and make it marketable to the middle majority -- where the biggest money sits -- it requires a commitment to discipline and shift its strategy in order to do so . the emphasis shifts intially to identifying a single niche segment and creating a comprehensive , tailored product , that meets all of their needs -- create the `` whole product '' by using partners and 3rd party services to patchwork the thing together . then , stop tweaking the product . if that works , pick related niches and go after them the same way , creating the `` whole product '' for each of them . once people at large are comfortable enough to make the paradigm shift for that market ( this all deals with new , high-tech changes ) and start doing so en masse , the strategy must completely shift again to a ship-first / fix-the-product-later mentality in a mad , market share scramble . at this phase , you are `` in the tornado . '' lots of examples of successful and abysmal strategies used by high tech companies whose names are familiar to everyone , at each stage mentioned above .
it does n't sound like the people you list as reasons `` not '' to read this book , actually read `` this '' book . there is a big difference , in my opinion , of putting positive affirmations in your mind , versus a witch doctor . and quite honestly , it seems the positive affirmations could and should be used in `` conjuction '' with medical care . does it say anywhere in the book to forego medical care , because you will most definitely be healed ? no where . so in my opinion , one has to have a `` sound '' mind , and not view the book as a `` cure all '' for all the ills in life , but rather a positive way to `` enhance '' your life . it is just plain stupid to to avoid getting medical care , when you have a terminal illness , or any other illness for that matter . but according to what i gather from the book , you can use positive affirmations , and `` believe '' that you are getting well , to help keep yourself in a positive state , rather than filling your head with negative thinking that you will never get well . studies aside from this book have proven that a healthy and positive attitude and mental outlook , have done wonders for recovering patients , along with their medical care . your review did not address any of those people that read this book , because the two examples of people you list , it is apparent they did n't read the book either , ( not sure what compelled you to post here ? ) therefore you are not qualified , in my opinion , to critique this book , as they were using apparently some form of faith healing from a televangelist , did they prescribe drinking snakes blood , too ? anyway , this book in no way says to forgo medical treatment if you are sick , and those that do , probably wo n't be addressing their medical problem . can the positive affirmations and power of suggestion help you through your medical crisis ? i imagine it can , ( studies prove it can ) in addition to proper medical treatment . anyway , you might want to actually read the book , instead of making comments of what happened to `` so and so '' who did n't even read it or apply it , including yourself .
addressing as it does issues of cognition , language usage and acquisition , evolutionary biology and innate versus learned behavior , this work is relevant to many of the great intellectual debates of our time . it is very readable for the most part , although if some of the topics are new to you then you will find a few sections rather heavy going . more illustrations would have helped here . there are syntax structure diagrams and one very grudging , cursory sketch of the language centers of the brain , but many sections cry out for a diagram among all the verbiage.pinker 's lively , humorous style is often commented on but i sometimes found it wearing . he will illustrate a point with an amusing newspaper cutting , then list a few more , then add `` i could not resist some more ... '' and so on . i sometimes wished he would just get on with it.a major problem with his nativist approach , which other reviewers have commented on , is that many examples he lists of usages that english speakers would never employ are nothing of the kind . most of them are conceivable and since the first publication of this book , linguists have been busy recording them in the field . the thesis also becomes somewhat unraveled in the penultimate chapter , where he argues that 'you and i ' and 'you and me ' are equally correct in all circumstances , because 'the pronoun is free to have any case it wants ' . but if this is so then what has become of the innate awareness of correct usage that the whole theory is about ? if 'between you and i ' sounds instinctively wrong to me and 'between you and me ' sounds instinctively wrong to someone else , does that mean one of us has a mutant grammar gene ? i doubt it.the title itself is problematic . 'instinct ' is not a word much in favor among biologists nowadays and whatever language is , it is certainly not instinctive in the traditional sense . early in the book , pinker admits as much , but determines to use the word anyway , a use that owes more to marketing than to science.still , this is probably the best introductory linguistics text currently available . if you are new to linguistics , start here rather than with chomsky , but please go on to read geoffrey sampson 's work , perhaps starting with his website , to get an alternative view . as with most academic disputes , the answer no doubt lies somewhere in the middle . since chomsky 's early work , the nativists have toned down their claims considerably , while their opponents have made concessions . on page 34 of this book , pinker says , `` no one has yet located a language organ or a grammar gene , but the search is on . '' more than a decade later , the search is still on . good luck with that .
a well-researched look at aviation that reminded me of the novels of nevil shute.my favorite chapter was friday norton qa 11:50am . a perfect description of the working methods of a certain veteran tv newsman who just retired at age 88.of course there are plot holes . the heroine a single mom researching the cause of an air incident is in jeopardy from union thugs and has initially has guards . but as the jeopardy increases , the guards are n't there . no followup mention . what happened to them ? some vulgarity in language.but all in all , a great fun read .
i disagree with several of the reviews here which cite several specific points of contention as making the book entirely worthless . i think it easily earns 4.5 - 5 stars . it is over a decade old now , and i do n't think it is intended as a source for scholars of english . but , for the amateur linguist and even the wannabe linguist it is a great read . i ca n't compete with some of the above reviewer 's scholarly points , but i do n't think replacing some of bryson 's dogma with their own is worthwhile . mother tongue is a great starting point and very educational . `` bryson 's dictionary of troublesome words '' is also a great introduction and gets 5 stars from me .
i read desperation and enjoyed it immensely much like i did with the regulators also . this book is filled with suspense from page one . the book never drags in my opinion . this book though is not for the faint of heart . if you do n't enjoy high body counts and gore then you will not like this book and will most likely put it down by the second chapter . but if you do n't mind it at all like me you will enjoy the suspense he gives you and the twists and turns this book takes . the ending is by far the most suspenseful part . i also recommend reading desperation first because you will probably understand it better and get a better look on what tak is all about . the journal entries and newspaper articles are a very nice touch to the story and it lets you understand what is going on alot better also . i wish there was a part three to this but sadly there is n't . i ca n't choose between desperation and regulators because their both great but the regulators does have the more suspenseful end to it . although it is alot bloodier and may you even get a brief lump in your throat like i did when a tragic thing happens in the end . keep up the good work king
i dedicate this review to women all around the world of all colour , races , religions , nationality and creed ... ( all women are equal , in my eyes ... .nigel.. ) in this remarkable novel , sk makes his debut.an unlikely but good book.it has a good dose of horror/suspense and it is one of the best books i have ever read ... it is simply about a teenager from maine , named carietta white ( carrie ) .from the beginning of the story we see who her mother ( margaret white ) takes advantage of her , making her feel stupid and left out.similiarly in school , carrie is always the `` black sheep '' , she has not friends and she is always picked upon.she is very unusual and strange , at least to most people , especially the ones in the book ( story ) . ( but i would say quite frankly that i did n't see here as anybody but a normal healthy teenage girl . ) at the beginning of the story we also see that carrie has her first period while taking a shower at school.she is laughed at and all the other girls throw toilet paper and tampons at her.this is her first big humiliation . ( i am a guy , i know not much about a period , so please forgive my use of the term openly ) anyway , back to the plot : carrie soon realizes that she is psychic.she starts to practice using her powers gradually.it seems as though she had the powers since birth , but the powers were dormant until puberty or at least she was unaware of it.so , so far we see this : a very unusual girl with psychic powers and a stupid mother.the story initially and mostly circulates around these facts but things get a little messy towards the middle and end.allow me ... ..it is later revealed in the story that the psychic gift is sort of genetic.carrie 's mother explains alot of things , but she is still a bad mother . ( but i still ca n't hate carries 's mother , because most mothers are sort of protective over their children ) soon carrie gets her first friend sue.sue feels sorry for carrie and helps her to get a date for the prom.this date is tommy ross ... meanwhile , one of the bad girls , chris , is unable to attend the prom.so , she sets up a nasty revenge against carrie.believe me when i tell you , chris is a very jealous girl and if she ca n't have something , no one else can , especially carrie.so chris arranges a trap for carrie . ( two buckets of pig blood ) she sets it up for the pig blood to fall on carrie 's and tommy 's head while at the prom ... the plan eventually succeeds.tommy is badly injured.drenched in pig 's blood , carrie is laughed at , for the last time.she runs out of the building.she then remembers her psychic powers and decides to use it for revenge.she starts to close all the doors.she then turns on all the water sprinklers , wetting everyone.but with a combination of water and electricity ( from the appliances ) ... .some were electrocuted.eventually a fire gets started.and things start to burn ! she walks toward her home , burning everything within a certain radius of her powers.when she reaches home her mother tries to kill her , telling her that she is the spawn of satan.she eventually uses her powers to stop her mothers ' heart beat , killing her.eventually ( this is the good part of the book ) , while carrie is walking on the streets ( going i do n't know where ) she seens chris and chris 's boyfriend driving towards her , to bounce her.carrie uses her powers to diverge to car , killing chris and her stupid boyfriend.sue eventually catches up with carrie.carrie does n't kill her because she realizes that it was n't sue 's falt but chris 's . ( during the battle with her mother , carrie was stabbed , i forgot to mention it , sorry . ) so , now , talking with sue carrie eventually breathes her last breath and speaks her last words and just , dies . ( this is the sad part , i guarantee you that it would bring tears to your eyes , or maybe not ) but this book is definitely good , i recommend it with all my `` psychic '' powers.enjoy ... ... ... ... .this review was written by nigel ... .
you definetly should read this book ! do n't believe what the 1 star writers are saying . they do n't want you to know the truth ! the left claims that bin laden would never side with saddam because of their beliefs , yet the left is adamant that osama bin laden was funded by the united states . go figure ! we all knew there was a connection and stephen hayes demonstrates so with great care ! there is a connection with al qaeda and iraq and the book explains it in detail
this book is one of the best on understanding dogs and also for training them . our daughter dr. shannon dominguez dch who is head of the maui animal therapy program -- - highly recommends this book . [ ... ] she has trained therapy dogs in a short time using these methods . we have adopted two little terriers from shelter and they are respondeing beautifully to the day by day suggestions on how to train young as well as old dogs and we would say these methods would work on children : - ) as well ! !
this is the first book i have read from this author . i am truly amazed at how well i enjoyed his style . it kind of reminded me of some of the good stuart woods books i have read . i plan on reading many more from michael connelly . great read , you wo n't be disappointed , trust me
hard to figure why sean stewart is n't one of the most beloved writers in america , given the virtuoso performance he 's demonstrated here and the remarkably sympathetic character he 's created in will kennedy . a combination horror/fantasy work which is as reminiscent of a confederacy of dunces as it is ghosts , by hynd , this novel is filled with so much warmth and life that it 's hard to remember that this actually is a story about a man who understands that the past , too , can be a ghost , and perhaps the worst kind.perfect circle is everything every other supposed 5-star horror novel featured on amazon is supposed to be : well-written , compelling , with rich , empathetic characters and a driving force and tension all its own.it 's a wonderful introduction to mr. stewart 's work
a lot of very useful info in a small book . i 'm less than half the way through and i 've already learned enough to make it worth the investment to me . the chapter on using tables was just what i needed . i would recommend this book to other beginners who are still trying to make sense of it all
the plot is quite good . however , the style and the overall structure are somewhat weaker that in later grisham 's stories . still well worth the time
it was 8 years after i took the sats but i still wish i had this book then just because the examples of the words are really practical and simply written
this book provides a good research methodology which covers theessential elements of starting and operating a small businessfrom scratch . the author covers the operational and legal issuesin clear english . there are references to another work entitled '' businesses you can start almanac by adams '' . typical new businesses cited by the adams work are : - traffic control consultants- therapeutics- technical writers who translate legalese or computerese into understandable english- personalized child books- systems integration- time management training- corporate training- nutrition consultant- standardized test preparation- manufacturers reps- mystery shoppers- freelance writers- government contract consulting- efficiency experts- outdoor adventures- noise control via dosimeters- herbal products distributors- greeting card senders- graphic designers and a plethora of othersthe book is a good reference guide for anyone contemplating thestart of a small business
i believe that the purpose of this book is to break the bad habbits that every single christian had adoptded and the negative infuences we 've been absorving.i think that this book was made simple , so that it would be very easy to read , understand , use and remember the `` be 's '' . it does not anti with anything , it 's just conservative with what is believed to be true ! it 's inspiring that would help anyone who reads to envision grabbing your dreams and on how lucky we are to be in this generation with full of opportunities . every chapter gives wisdom why do we have to be ; grateful , smart , involve , clean , true , positive , humble , still and prayerful
well written and fully documented . i confess that i knew very little about the beginings of islam or its constant bloodshed.anywhere islam becomes entrenched , freedom is taken away and civilizations are destroyed . hatred is not discouraged but encouraged . islam 's world view is this in a nutshell , do it our way or perish . this book will rob you of your sleep
i really enjoyed this book , it was n't completely comprehensive but did give a good overview of buffet 's investment style . while it did n't go heavily into the analysis of stocks that i would have liked it did describe who influenced buffet , thanks to this book i was able to pick up some fisher and graham and have learned quite a bit.all in all i would reccomend this book for someone interested in a light biography of buffet or a little insight into how he makes decisions
i 've skimmed a number of popular books published in the last few years on the problem of sexless marriage , and this is by far most interesting contribution to date . first , there is no recommendations for drug therapy anywhere in the book . second , the author frequently brings into the discussion a european-influenced view of some particularly american style predilictions and assumptions reguarding sex , parenthood , gender politics , and relationship expectations . her fundamental premise is that eroticisim requires seprateness , and in the course of building and sustaining security , we can frequently lose the `` me '' and `` you '' in us . but even more important , she sees the very contemporary marital impulse toward an egalitarian union -- while great for chores and child care -- can be a neutralizer in the bedroom . you may or may not find strands of your own dilemma in her case histories , but you will not walk away from them empty handed , either . there are many aspects of the book which are highly nuanced , and wo n't survive well in the o'reilly world of broadcast media interviews . i can just hear some producer-fed talking head asking something like , `` you advocate couples go to vegas for swinging ? why ? '' ( she does n't ) . so do n't pay attention to that noise . this is an intellegent , respectful , contemplative work of original thinking that confronts a subject too often approached with superlatives and pabulum.buy one for yourself and one for your best friend -- more than likely , they 're suffering , too
this book depicts the essence of the african american struggle and not just from a woman 's prospective but from an universal one . the women and the men in this book are victims evenly . naylor is a literary star and her poetic prose is her spotlight , which glows undyingly in this classic novel . a must read .
that about says it all . bill bryson is a hilarious writer . i like reading grammar books anyway , but i was always excited to read this book , as it 's so entertaining.besides that , it can teach ( or remind ) you of a lot of good rules of writing.the main problem is that several entries are unnecessary , and some necessary entries are left out .
this book is a gem that is filled with ideas from many of the best speakers in the world . what a great resource ! it is my favorite book now for ideas on how to be more `` impactful '' in my message to the audience . this reminds me of one of my other classic favorites , think and grow rich . i 'm ordering another copy for a friend today
first published in 1936 , this is the 12th poirot book , the 3rd superintendent battle book , and the 2nd colonel race book , and has no narrator . it 's the first case in which superintendent battle , mrs. oliver , or col. race appear together with poirot or each other , and the only case in which *all* do so at once.the story opens at an exhibition of snuffboxes , where poirot encounters mr. shaitana , a collector with a catty manner and a knack for gossip . shaitana deliberately cultivates a mephistopholean pose , which at first makes him seem like the potential quarry in the case - but it becomes clear that he 's a victim waiting to happen.for shaitana , like a few other collectors in christie 's universe , has succumbed to a foolish temptation , and begun collecting *people* - and not just people of talent or genius , but murderers . and being a connoisseur , he collects only the best : those who have gotten away with it . he amuses himself on this occasion by boasting to poirot of his hobby , without naming names , and inviting him to a little supper party to meet his collection of `` tigers '' ( poirot having just pointed out that he himself could admire a tiger , but would do so from outside the tiger 's cage , having respect for the danger . ) poirot accepts the supper invitation , however , to find that there are seven other guests , including the three other detectives as well as four guests who are presumably the murderers : explorer major despard , a strong silent type ; mrs. lorrimer , a middle-aged widow who is *very* serious about bridge ; timid young anne meredith ; and dr. roberts , a loud and jovial general practitioner.shaitana drops hints referring to four possible methods of murder , but otherwise the subject does not come up , and the guests proceed to play bridge after supper - arising from the final game to find their host dead , stabbed sitting beside the fire in full view of the players ! this is , of course , poirot 's fantasy case , as he once remarked in the abc murders - because there is no tangible evidence against any one person more than another . there are only the people themselves , and their memories of the evening , and the bridge scores reflecting how the evening progressed . solving the case depends entirely on being able to understand the people involved . but how to get them to reveal their true selves to an interrogator - or to uncover the crimes that shaitana believed they 'd committed and gotten away with ? rather than following poirot 's viewpoint in third person throughout , some chapters follow battle , race , or mrs. oliver as they conduct their own enquiries into the case . each represents a different style : battle is a professional police officer , race an empire-builder-type secret agent , and mrs. oliver a writer of detective stories . battle , of course , has a duty to investigate shaitana 's murder , and does so in an orthodox style , cultivating an image of plodding hard work that tempts one to underestimate him . race deals with checking out major despard , the explorer who 's most clearly his kind of person . mrs. oliver , for her part , works on worming information out of not only anne meredith , but her roommate rhonda ( whose attitude is that anne could 've lived like a duchess for the rest of her life on blackmail if she 'd been paying attention ) .and , of course , there 's poirot . he 's really fascinating to watch in this one as he interacts with each suspect in turn , pursuing two major lines of questioning : ( 1 ) describe how the bridge games played out , and ( 2 ) describe the scene of the murder ( the elaborate collector 's room in shaitana 's house where the bridge games were played ) .see if you can figure out where poirot 's questions lead before he reveals his reasoning to his colleagues , and what he learned from the responses he received
when i was a senior in high school i decided to take correspondence courses instead of attending a regular school . this was the text used for my creative writing class . i absolutely loved it and have been trying to snag a copy of it ever since . this book is great at giving you ideas for how to make up your own work of fiction even if you never tried before . i would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing where their imagination can take them
after reading tuesday 's with morrie , i was curious to see how different morrie in his own words was from mitch albums tuesday 's . after reading both , i preferred the lessons straight from the horses mouth . morrie '
when i first discovered this book in a london bookshop , i decided at once that i needed to own it . it 's large , it 's bulky , but it 's beautiful . it needs the large pages to illustrate the finest examples of tom 's works . as an artist myself , who learnt a lot from tom 's unique techniques , i appreciate what a fantastic collection of art , both colour and black and white , has been compiled into this collection . but it 's not just pictures ; there 's an insight into the man himself , a delightful tribute to the master of homoerotic art . this volume is a great tribute to tom and a valuable tool for the new breed of erotic artists , like myself , waiting for recognition
the purpose of nessus is to provide an open source solution for network auditing on all unix like systems . this book not only details using nessus but also comes with a cd containing the program , as well as ethereal , snort , and newt ( a port of the program to the windows environment ) .what is a network assessment ? at its basic level it is an attempt to detect a live system and then identify the computing environment , services , applications , and vulnerabilities on that system . basically there are two types of assessment - internal and external . an internal assessment is done over the local network and external is done from outside the lan . nessus will do both types and the book details how to do either , or both of them.the authors do an excellent job of detailing installation , setup , and how to interpret the results of a scan as well as various factors that can affect the report . one of the parts not to be missed is the discussion of not only the benefits but also the potential problems of scanning your system . some of the vulnerability types scanned for include buffer overflows , default passwords , backdoors , information leaks , and denial of service.the nessus scripting language is covered in detail in appendix a instead of the main portion of the book ; a choice i appreciated very much as it allowed the flow of the book to not be interrupted by such a highly technical section . with open source products there generally is no organized technical support phone number you can call of help . so , the authors include information on how to get help via the nessus user community , mailing lists , and archives.nessus network auditing is a highly recommended book for anyone interested in auditing their network to find potential problems before they become reality
eoghan casey 's text is immediately useful . it 's not theory , it 's practical . it 's not biased to one operating system , but covers several technologies . finally , eoghan and the book 's contributors do not gloss over today 's most offensive topics , they address them with vigor and solutions.i would share one concern : the chapter-long product/vendor discussion . some reviewers label it marketing ; other reviewers do n't mention it at all . i 'll just forewarn you that you will learn much more about encase or nfr than about their competitors.as a security consultant for hewlett-packard , it seems my bookshelf fills up entirely too easily , especially as of the last few years . therefore , i 've gotten fairly selective with new book purchases ( until i can get a new bookshelf ) . however , casey 's text is definitely worth getting - worth knocking another book off to make room . : ) i hope you enjoy this comprehensive text at least half as much as i do
did you ever know someone whose life was just `` perfect '' ? ? someone who went to college , got married at age 23 , found a great job with valuable stock options ... someone who settled down in a house in a nice city at age 25 or 26 , started a family a year or two later , and who now seems to `` have it all '' ? ? well , after world war ii , this happened to just about everyone in the silent generation , and it happen to most in the boomer generation , and it 's happening to just about no one in generation x . this books speaks to members of generation x and describes the suffering and coping mechanisms for these people.this book , now 15 years , is about a generation that was sold down the river by its elders - generation x . the book describes 3 young people , andy , dag , and claire , who visit palm springs and tell stories of their lives and of their friends who are suffering in life . the author douglas coupland is actually telling stories from vancouver british columbia , one of the first cities in north america to be sold out to foreign economic colonizers from hong kong ( who escaped to vancouver to avoid the 1997 mainland takeover . ) in this city , the worst 1100 square foot fixer-upper house costs a third of a million dollars , or 10 years of take-home pay for a mid-career household . economic success is impossible in the physical confines of the city - the system is rigged against everyone except rich immigrants and the existing upper class of blue-collar boomers who purchased homes in the 1970 's and 1980 's . many aspects of the book ( such as `` reverse sabbatical '' , `` mcjobs '' , etc . ) reflect the severe economic conditions faced by high-achieving intellectuals who go nowhere economically in that city.in my grandparents generation , all you had to do was to go to college . in my parent 's generation , you needed to go to college and become a successful professional . in my own generation , you need to co-found a startup company and be among the 10 % of founders who can sell off the company or have an ipo . do you notice something here ? yes , it 's getting more and more difficult to be marginally successful in america.because gen x'ers find that traditional paths to success - hard work , taking chances , saving and investing - do n't work any more , they resolve to live like their parents by either living with their parents or by borrowing money endlessly and hoping for a miracle . fiscal irresponsibility is at an all-time high , and has squandered everyone 's future ! in this environment of perpetual economic slavery , coupland counsels generation x'ers to break free of the traditional career models that have been rigged by their elders for failure . coupland counsels us all to re-examine what is success in our life and how to achieve it . this book is a call to enlist in a class warfare between gen-x'ers and their elders ! in many ways , this book is similar to `` the razor 's edge '' by w. somerset maughen or `` the monk and the riddle : the art of creating a life while making a living '' , in other words , redefine your notion of success in the world , while waiting for our evil society to implode in upon itself , which must surely happen in the near future ..
there is a reason this book has sold over 180,000 copies . it gets right to the point . it accompanies each strategy with a visual aid so you can get a mental picture in your head . further , its section on analyzing stocks and commentary on the state of financial statements and the financial market are right on the money . if your just starting out in options , this book really is a must .
i was a little wary about the title but this was not at all about weight gain and/or loss ; weight was incidental . in this fiercely intelligent novel , dorothy and justine are both desperately lonely women , both victims of abuse , and yet are different in other ways . their parents often failed them , their childhood was often full of shame and self-sabotage , but gaitskill writes this with complexity , always aware that a victim can also be a victimizer . gaitskill is never sentimental . underneath her narrative , underneath the pain and the sex scenes ( which are never fully loving ) and the disappointments and loneliness , is a raging anger at the inability of human beings to connect - on race , on class , but mostly on gender . i sensed that anna granite , the intellectual whose shadow dominates this narrative , and who is the reason dorothy and justine first meet , is gaitskill 's platform for displaying her keen intellect ; and sometimes there is a hint of didactism . but this is a minor quibble . the last section moved me very much and proved that although gaitskill abhors sentimentality , she can certainly do sentiment well . ` humanity ' is a word often found in this book . our sexuality is connected to our humanity . our ability to treat other human beings like human beings is what makes us human . in the end , gaitskill 's brilliant , wonderfully feminist novel was , for me , about how easily we strip each other of our humanity .
i requested this book for my college music class . i saw many offers from b & n and other book stores and i found amazon having the best price and received the book on time . the book was in great condition and my fellow students were surprised when they heard the price and the shipping response . i totally recommend this site and book for school . the book was comprehensible and well illustrated .
like most of the reviewers , i went into this book expecting the humor and absurdity of the website . and it 's all there , in it 's ridiculous glory . however , this book is almost like two books in one . upon reading the footnotes a much deeper tale begins to unfold . beyond the nonsensical ramblings of robert , the book tells a tale of a lonely kid using ninjas as an escape from his sad life . his parents hate him , he has no friends , and nobody else listens to him , except his babysitter and faithful dog . the further you read , the more you begin to see the deeper story unfold . however , even while the story gets darker , the humor remains , creating an experience that is both hilarious and touching . check this book out
this book , `` the relatives came '' by cynthia rylant and illustrated by stephen gammell , was a delight to read . i found myself smiling as i read the words that made the artwork come alive . likewise , i found myself recollecting over the memories of the past when my relatives would come to visit . and , i felt as if i , too , were a part of this book . having experienced growing up in a small town where you don ` t see that many people , i believe that when relatives come to visit , it almost seems like christmas . as a result , when the book expressed the joy , laughter , and celebration of family , it stirred up these memories of the past . unquestionably , almost anyone , from children to adults , could find themselves reminiscing and longing for the fun they had when their relatives come to visit .
firstly , i have not seen the film adaptation of 'single white female ' and so this review is n't tainted one way or the other . this book , about the stolen identity of a young woman by her psychotic flatmate , is written is very easy style . characterizations , prose , and dialogue are all straightforward . i can understand why a film was made based on it since the book reads more like a screenplay than a novel . and the book 's `` feel '' is anything but original . 'sliver ' by ira levin does a better job of capturing the essence of life ( and danger ) in manhattan for a single , white female . still , 'single white female ' is an entertaining read.bottom line : a very enjoyable , suspenseful read that does n't tax the brain . recommended
walzer 's historical approach to examining just war theory is , i think , the most useful way to understand morality in war . that is so because empirical facts back up all the philosophical evaluations . walzer describes experience and draws conslusions here ; he is laying a philosophical foundation and implying , if not prescribing , moral norms from which the rules have been extracted . be forewarned , he does not cut the reader any slack . this book requires some serious attention to the author 's train of thought . just war theory has two categories : the justice of going to war , and the justice of fighting once in a war . walzer 's discussion usefully and clearly separates the two and examines via historical events what we regard as right and wrong within each sphere . in doing this he has done the modern world a tremendous service . his logical breakdown speaks to thousands of years of tradition about what thinkers have considered right and wrong in war . one of the best outcomes of this landmark work is the complete debunking of the notion that `` all is fair in love and war . '' that is the path of least moral resistance ( or as clausewitz would say , `` friction '' ) , yet we all know that soldiers are honored for fighting well and loathed for behaving like armed thugs and murderers . what is amazing from the discusion is the realization that walzer knows he has to attack that age-old notion , something our collective sense of justice has historically always rejected . yet it remains a prevailing idea for many . originally coined by the romans it seems ( walzer quotes them , `` in war the laws are silent '' ) , they themselves were self-consciously contrite over the fates they inflicted on the greeks and carthginians . the book rates five stars for rigorously addressing this issue alone.some make the mistake of thinking walzer is a pacifist -- far from it . on the otherside some critics find his argument about `` supreme emergency '' a moral failure and a cop-out . the case of nazi germany is his paradigmatic case of supreme emergency , one where normal rules may be relaxed , if ever so little , because of the especially pernicious nature of state-sponsored genocide . the same relaxation of restraints would likely apply to islamic terror . in contrast walzer does not see imperial japan , for instance , as having represented a supreme emergency , and so the atomic bombings and the fire bombings of cities could not be morally justified . readers may want to compare his view to paul fussell 's perspective in the essay `` thank god for the atom bomb . `` significantly for current events , readers interested in the distinction between pre-emptive and preventive war will find a well articulated argument here . the us attack on iraq was and still is often justified as pre-emptive . that impulse on the part of the neo-conservatives who devised or whipped up the casus belli reflects , i think , a need to cloak a morally questionable war in the robes of legitimacy . there is no way that attack can be justified under the historically accepted norms of `` pre-emption . '' michael walzer 's well-thought distinction between pre-emption and prevention makes sense even in the milieu of asymmetric warfare against terror and islamic radicalism , and it clearly shows why the iraq war was a moral mistake from the start , regardless of its practical success down the road , if we are fortunate enough to see that . the moral precedent of engaging in preventive war will continue to haunt america long into the future . the fact that iraq was not even on the spectrum where the fine line between pre-emption and prevention exists is a telling aspect of the overall ongoing strategic fiasco . where one fails to recognize the moral high ground , one is doomed to moral failure . walzer was vocal about the run-up to war in 2003 , and those who read his book would do well to find his comments about the iraq invasion ; they are edifying in terms of understanding the overall argument and where we are going in this role as the world 's police force
malphurs does an excellent job of laying out the strategic planning process step by step and in great detail . i really appreciated the fact that he takes into account things like church patriarchs/matriarchs and other church dynamics that are often not addressed practically in ministry books . he almost makes the process seem easy , and maybe it is , if you are starting a new church or are in the very early stages of a church plant . however , much of the material seems practically impossible to implement in a `` plateau'ed '' or `` downward spiraling '' church that has been around for 100 years . the principles are easy and make sense if you have 100 % support of the congregation . that 's pretty hard to do in most of the churches i 've been in that need strategic planning the most . that 's no fault of malphurs ; the book itself is a great book
on a recommendation from a friend , heimgest , dcg-or , ( who rarely recommends any book ) , we found this book to be one of the absolute best on the subject of our gods & goddesses . a must read , it ranks well with both rydberg 's and grimm 's teutonic mythology
this is a charming little book . it 's very concise , profusely illustrated , and it covers the basic geometry of platonic and archimedean solids . it delightfully summarizes the work of plato/theaetetus , archimedes , euclid , kepler , and euler in only 57 pages , half of which contain only illustrations . as a model-builder who attaches no special religious significance to polyhedra , i was a little concerned when i looked at the other books in the series that this book might be about `` sacred geometry . '' fortunately ( at least from my point of view ) it does not contain a word about it , except for a cursory reference to the elements plato associated with each of the platonic solids . a table at the end includes the dihedral and central angles and edge/radius ratios for all the platonic and archimedean solids -- all the info a model builder needs ! this book wo n't impress anyone with a mathematics background , but for a layman like me , it 's a perfect introduction . kudos to sutton for putting this material in such an elegant and accessible format
in this book , dulles offers a simplistic yet useful overview of the way the church has been viewed throughout its history . he focuses primarily on the catholic church . from dulles ' analysis , there are five basic ways to understand the church . he explores how these models have been used over time , as well as their particular strengths and weaknesses . in the rest of the book , dulles explores some of the issues surrounding ecclesiology . he has also added a new model which is a synthesis of the other five . my only complaint about the book is that it makes divisions too simple and straightforward . rarely is there a church that fits all of the descriptions of one model or does not somehow combine several models . the book is helpful , however , to pastors who seek to understand the thought patterns of the members of their church . it is also helpful to congregants who desire to understand more fully what it means to be the church . all things considered , this book is an asset to pastors , students , and anyone involved in ministry
i read this years after i 'd read catcher in the rye and nine stories and it was cool to be reading salinger again but it was n't as rewarding as the first two books were . maybe i let too much time pass and outgrew his style . i dunno . i felt as if i was reading a magazine story and not a book story . i still would read everything he wrote tho if he released all new stuff , j.d . salinger 's the man
i 'm amazed that people did n't like this book more ... i am also a land arch student who had it as an assigned book that was rarely actually assigned . i was thumbing through it in hopes of generating ideas for another class and was amazed at the amount of usable information it contained . perhaps it is better digested in chunks instead of the whole . i found it great as a reference book
this book is loaded with the most recent medical findings and is organized as a referenced book , although i read it cover to cover .
dave barry has written and selected an extremely humorous collection of his articles from the miami herald . there is a huge margin in difference of quality in boogers are my beat than in his initial non fiction books such as dave barry 's bad habits . boogers are my beat is one of those rare books that once you start turning the pages you do n't want to put down until the back cover . dave barry educates his fellow man on a diverse range of topics such as why you ca n't use the towels hanging in the bathroom , the salt lake city olympics , babies on airlines , north dakota , bear in the big blue house and cell phones to name just a few . his article written the day after september 11 and one written a year after , about the philadelphia crashed plane are also included which prove barry could have been a serious writer if he had pursued that career . thankfully he did n't because the rest of the book is hysterically funny as is his carl hiaasen style fiction novel tricky business . big trouble is n't bad either . check them out along with his other non fiction novels as well .
tony nourmand 's `` film posters of the 60 's '' is a wonderful and colorful coffee table style book that is a great treat to look through . there are many of the classic film poster images of the french new wave , the films of stanley kubrick and the classic 007 posters , just to name a few . film poster collecting is a great adventure and this book reflects that enthusiasm . this book was lovingly organized with great detail . a superb value ! looking forward to future editions
private eye philip marlowe is asked for help to get to mexico by terry lennox . marlowe likes lennox and agrees to help him , but later lennox commits suicide in the small mexican town of otatoclan . but why was lennox driven to such extremes ? later on , marlowe is asked for his assistance in keeping the alcoholic writer roger wade on the staight-and-narrow . this is not really marlowe 's line of work , but he becomes entangled in the case especially as connections with lennox begin slowly to emerge.this is a longer , more ambitious novel by chandler albeit displaying the same cynical , tough edge as the other marlowe novels i 've read . the greater length allows chandler more space for character development and reflection . the danger of this is that the novel could have felt over-extended , but for me it did n't . the ending did not come as a total surprise , but as with every other chandler novel i 've read , enjoyment of the journey rather than satisfaction at the quality of the destination is the important thing.g rodger
elaine pagels is a wonderful writer . her explanation into early christianity is wonderful . it is definitely worth the time to read this . she delves into the politics of the early church , the passion , the resurrection , as well as the clashes between gnostic and orthodox thinking . too often , we forget that what we call the canon is not the only writings available . she just reminds us that there is this whole other world of writings that did not make it into the bible for one reason or another . if you want to get an idea of who the gnostics were , read this
i 'm almost finished reading this book , and what a long , fun ride it 's been . wordy , and a little confusing , this book has to be taken in the right mood , or else you 'll miss the humor.the places that the main character travels to are memorable and exciting , and i found myself getting through a hefty portion , without thinking that i had ever started.some ... .no , more like most of the satire is cryptic , and hard to find . however , i read up on the book , and it immediately popped out at me , and made alot more sense.this is an excellent book , that i 'm sure you will enjoy . it might even suit as a read-aloud story for younger children
truly the author 's pen is mightier than the sword as he takes on christmas , parents , children , evangelical christians from kentucky , television , macy 's , the result of a dalliance during the viet nam war , and `` keeping up with the joneses '' . this short book is much funnier than his best-selling `` me talk pretty some day '' as the author 's humorous cynicism is at its best . one ca n't put it down for fear of missing some insight into the american psyche.three of the stories appear to be autobiographical ( with obvious changes made to `` protect the innocent '' ) wherein the author `` tells '' the others in the guise of another . regardless , sedaris pulls no punches and will have the reader in stitches , even if there 's a little guilt attached to that feeling .
this book is truly lovely -- about finding friendship in the most unexpected of places . i can not imagine anyone not enjoying it immensely ( and you wo n't get tired of reading it to your kids either )
what a great upbeat book that still covers the struggles of a child of a divorced family , living in poverty , and being of a mixed race . great great read with a great ending that was n't to unbelievable . it left you with a good feeling even though the struggles of the children were very real . great life lessons as well as cultural lessons in this book
his first novel , the known world , won the pulitzer prize . this is the book he wrote first , a short story collection that i 've been looking forward to reading for a long time . it was a national writing award finalist and a hemingway pen winner . with a pedigree like that , do i really need to review it ? sure , why not ? when i reviewed his novel , did i mention that he has an amazing ear for dialogue ? he does . i believe it shines brighter in this setting than in such a sweeping and breathtaking saga as his novel . these are stories that you will feel in your heart , your mind , your soul , your gut . you 'll pause between each story so you can ride the wave of awe before you eagerly read the next . jones is an amazing author . he 's why we read , and he 's why some of us try to write . very few will ever reach this man 's level , but the attempt is always good for us .
this was by far the best genero/kenzie novel of the series . i loved this book . everything about it . in this one , you really got to see the emotional side of bubba . made him more likeable.the storyline kept me riveted and not wanting to put the book down . i was happy to see angie and patrick back together . the ending was very good and left you thinking the character could possibly come back in a future book.i 'm scratching my head wondering why this was the last book of the series and why lehane has n't published another . it 's been 5 years . i will be watching for it
this book is a somewhat linear history of the past 13,000 years across the continents . diamond seeks to sum up history across various societies on all the continents in a relatively short volume . the impetus for this search starts with a question from a friend of his from new guinea named yali . yali 's question was , `` why is it that you white people developed so much cargo and brought it to new guinea , but we black people had little cargo of our own ? `` reading the book , i think i gulped at this point . this sounds like a classic , loaded question . it sounds disturbingly close to why have we ( europe and its former colonies ) succeeded where they have failed . diamond does not descend into that territory though , but he does not evade criticism for skirting it completely . there are references to a culture 's success in industrializing or condensing populations that diamond brushes off as a mixed blessing , for instance . the advantages of a hunting/gathering culture are not really explored outside of the remarkable sustaining nature of southeast asia.this history can probably be described ( or perhaps is most successful ) as based around environmental causation ( as opposed to the racial/ethnic/social causation that the lump in my throat had been fearing ) . descriptions of climate ( note : that the history begins with the cessation of the last great ice age ) , longitudinal or latitudinal axes , elevation and landmass differences play a strong role in determining the fate of humanity . still , it is interesting to look specifically at the items gathered in the title.guns . europe 's refinement of this technology was based on china 's innovations with gunpowder . today 's dominant society is a product as much of what it has swallowed and thus incorporated as by what it has innovated . as an interesting counterpoint , japan had owned more and better guns in c. 1600 ce , than any country in the world . samurai rulers first limited then outlawed the technology . japan would n't resume manufacture until mid 19th century . obviously , there is an indisputable importance in the weaponry 's influence in shaping the geopolitical world of today.germs . epidemics left people from cultures based on cities with who could resist smallpox and those dense populations more easily replaced those who did n't survive . smaller groups have a distinct disadvantage versus the interdependent and consequently more interchangable larger cities . epidemics develop out of these civilizations as germs jump over from domesticated animals ( and smaller groups may not even have animals to domesticate ) . interesting note : the emperors of the mayan and incan civilizations both succumb to disease ( likely smallpox ) rather than guns.steel . technological advancement is keyed on innovations brought about by dense populations and the possibility for abstraction of responsibilities . a hunter-gatherer culture lacks the abstraction necessary to divide responsibilities to allow for such developments as literacy and mining , as the energies that would fuel these are directed toward survival areas . diamond makes an interesting and controversial point that the hunter-gatherer culture may be more attuned to intelligence as an evolutionary necessity over civilized society , where the evolutionary energy may be directed at surviving these epidemic illnesses.there are many aspects of environment that serve as limiting conditions for the development of these things . first , there appears to need to be sustainable farming . many of the staples of modernity are the crops first domesticated in the fertile crescent region ( where today we invade , suck oil , and force the conquered to endure freedom ) . the western asian breadbasket provided the means to bank food so that trades could develop . as a complete side note , the genesis book of the bible can be viewed upon through this filter as it goes into great detail how joseph set up a system of storing and meting grain in egypt to greatly increase the population and avoid the calamity of drought and famine brought on by sustenance farming.another factor in the civilizing of eurasia is the landmass itself . compared to africa and the americas , eurasia is mainly west-east axis versus north-south . movement of successes in cultivation and domestication could more easily occur because climate differences are easier on a latitudinal basis than on longitudinal . something like corn ( maize ) which was domesticated in central americas took a very long time to make it to north america because of geography . llamas and guinea pigs ( which could be useful for pack animals and food ) never made it north . conversely , all those fertile crescent crops and bigger domesticated animals like cattle , horses , pigs were able to spread from one tip of asia to the opposite tip of europe.to answer yali 's question , some of the answer is luck . africa , australia and the americas may not have been afforded the botanical or zoological advantages that eurasia had . some other is environmental determinism , where you are helps make up who you become . for going forward , diamond cites transportation , communication and information advances as factors that likely will obliviate these historical forces in the future.after word : harpers magazine tackles an issue that was brought up , but not as fully developed here , that of pre-clovis native american discoveries ( pronouncements ) , knowingly confronting a loaded racial/ethnocentric question in a folio called `` might white of you : are american archaeologists white supremacists ? '' the archaeological records supports people living in the americas since about 9000-11000 bce . there are scant scraps of evidence prior to that date , but plenty of theories typically more titillating than substantive . one wonders if the pre-clovis discovery ( especially all the business about `` caucusoid '' skulls ) , is n't so much about archaeology as setting up an imagined genocide to justify a documented genocide .
if you 're looking for a good story with plenty of action and a great plot and you 're not really concerned with the difference between so-so writing and good writing ( this book is so-so ) , then this is an excellent book . i couldnt put it down . i gauge the rating of a book by one thing ; am i able to truely come into the story ? i am able to do this if the writing and word usage is at or above a certain level . i was able to `` come into the story '' when i read this book and to me , that provides for a good read . bad writing can prevent this experience but i did n't think this book was too badly written
they are books like those written by stephen ambrose which keep the flame of my interest in reading of times and events of long ago burning . some have accused ambrose of taking too many liberties with the facts . to those i would say , bah humbug ! this book is well written and worthy of the readers time , unless , of course , you are a `` fact-checker '' , in which case the original sources , to the extent they even exist , might be more to your liking . for orginary joe 's , like me , mr. ambrose has provided a good deal of reading entertainment and information . i would strongly recommend this book to anyone who wants to be transported in time and place to the high plains during the indian wars
as china re-emerges as a dominant power in the 21st century , much will hinge on the beliefs of the people in that country when it comes to the actions it takes and tolerates around the world . oddly , the fascism of the communist regime remains largely in place in the era following mao 's disastrous reign , even as capitalism and other western ideals spread like wildfire through this huge , heavily-populated , and ( from a western perspective ) oftentimes strange land . aikman does an excellent job of covering the basic bullet points of the history of christianity in china , as well as introducing readers to the many chinese christians who have led or continue to lead the church in their country . on a recent trip to china , i was highly impressed by the deep generosity , humility , resourcefulness , strength , perseverance , and kindness exhibited by chinese of all ages . this spirit hums just below the surface in the stories aikman tells of the christian chinese and their faith . this spirit is also , i believe , one of the major reasons why the life and teachings of jesus seem to so easily take root in the hearts of so many chinese . also , those who are concerned that a `` christian china '' would somehow gut the land of its culture and heritage while propping up a westernized facsimile in its place should rest easy . it seems that the faith is spreading through this nation in a very distinctly chinese way
this is a fascinating read and my favorite of all bacon 's writings
this book , unlike morris 's work on hillary , is actually worth reading , because its perspective and analysis of our 42nd president is fascinating . though the title is a little tiresome ( and becomes especially so when morris continues to say throughout the book ` why ? because he could ! ' ) the book is a fast page turner . i particularly enjoyed morris 's portrayal of clinton as one who only came to life around other people : if they were happy , he was , if they were in distress , he felt their pain . a master of reading people and changing according to their feelings , clinton was perfectly suited to becoming a president who ruled by polls . enter dick morris . as clinton 's chief poller , he also became , at one time , his chief political advisor . and clinton needed one . as ` my life ' by clinton shows , the president had no overall strategy and failed to see events as interconnected . for him , each issue needed to be examined individually and with clinton , that was a laborious endeavor : the prez had the painful habit of considering each argument with equal weight , and therefore was extremely indecisive and cautious to take action . result ? fiasco 's like waco , somalia , bosnia and health care reform . more seriously for the future : the loss of the congress to the republicans ( over ten years now and counting ) and the failure to stop bin laden . morris gives credit where credit is due though : clinton 's work on welfare reform cut the roll books in half and the tough work on deficit reduction allowed the economic boom of the 1990s to take place . also interesting , was clinton 's use of the presidency as a bully pulpit for families and education : an issue that was local politics , and therefore cost clinton nothing in the budget but brought in massive political capital . read this book before reading clinton 's ` my life ' . why ? because morris points out the inconsistencies and just plain untruths contained therein . also , morris says that the president 's autobiography is the ` rosetta stone ' that decodes clinton . if that is the case , then morris is certainly the interpreter .
i have just finished reading `` the power of ethical management , '' and i thought it was well written . in the past few weeks i have read several other books on business ethics and this one is my favorite . it is short and exact with great details on how to improve your corporation as well as yourself . this book not only can be applied to the work place but in your life at home , family , friends , and children . this book has helped me greatly
here 's a good litmus test to show how good a book like `` breathing lessons '' is -- nothing extraordinary happens and yet i did not want to put the book down . there are no conspiracies to rule the world or cover up some dark secret . there are no car chases , explosions , sex scenes ( barely even any kissing ) , or exotic locations . no one changes or has an epiphany . almost nothing happens -- maggie and ira go to a funeral and when they come back they try to reunite their son and former daughter-in-law but nothing changes at all . to the average reader this book probably would seem really dull . heck , if someone told me the plot of this book i 'd think it was really dull too , but i did n't want to put it down.the reason is that maggie and ira are so well-drawn and so familiar to me that they seem like people i know or could know . i think i could go to the supermarket and run into maggie and ira , that 's how real they seemed to me . i suppose ther reason is that tyler allows me as the reader to know just about everything regarding these two characters and their two personalities just come through so transparently in the story that they do n't seem like characters acting their parts ; they seem like real people.because of this , even though very little happens to maggie or ira and even though neither of them changes by the end of the book , i cared so much about them that i wanted to keep reading right through the end so i breezed through the novel in a few days . in all honesty , what i really appreciate about this book is that it seemingly disproves almost everything i 've ever read about how to write a book . this is purely a character-driven novel with very little `` plot '' except for the death of maggie 's friend 's husband that gets the ball rolling . everything else seems to happen so naturally as an extension of maggie 's personality more than any artificially-generated plot twists.it 's hard for me to find any real faults with this book , except for the lengthy flashback near the end that perhaps goes on too long . some people may call this boring or dull , but i would call it purely exceptional . i loved this book and highly recommend it
i just love this book . it 's for anyone who practices no particular `` religion '' . the prayers are simple , in every day language , easily understood like god is speaking right to me . i find it inspiring every day and look forward to reading one prayer per day . none are more than a few paragraphs and all speak straight to the heart
i 've been a fan of carol dweck 's scholarly work for years . her work on self-esteem , self-concept , and the incremental vs. entity theories of intelligence provides some of the most powerfully useful tools i 've encountered for educators and parents in their work with children , as well as in their own self-awareness and lives . i 'm delighted to see this information written here in such a user-friendly conversational tone , rich with stories that illustrate the nuances and complexities of dweck 's research and ideas . i 'm recommending this book to all of my graduate students ( teachers and principals working with gifted learners ) , as well as to parents of high-ability children.dona matthews , ph.d. , director of the hunter college center for gifted studies and education , city university of new york
it seems as if it is impossible for a.s byatt to write a bad or even a mediocre story . after this novel , she is one of my new absolute favorites and i have vowed to read everything this amazing author has written . i began to read the virgin in the garden , and could not put it down . i was enraptured by the beautiful descriptions of the two contrasting `` elizabethian ages '' and the characters . frederica has to be one of the most despicable , and yet intriguing literary characters in years . my breath was also taken away by the story of marcus potter -- a haunting , amazing character that will stay with you for days . the way byatt writes , she transports you to 1950s england and the lives of the potters . i felt as if i knew these characters like family , and could almost sit down to lunch with them by the end of the book . her style , timing , and subtle metaphors of passion and life are irresistible and amazing . this is truly a writer who will stand the test of time to become an icon in the likes of the brontes , jane austen , and kate chopin . i can not wait to share this book with everyone i know . highly , highly reccomended . go to the bookstore or your local library , ignore the new glossy bestsellers that try and cheat you out of your money and instead pick up this gorgeous , powerful read that new authors can not hold a candle to .
this is the 3rd , and unfortunately final , chapter in the triology . i got my husband to run out and buy it the tuesday it was released and finished it within 2 ( very late ) nights of reading . if you have read the 1st two books you will not be disappointed with this one . if anything , it is the best in the series with 2 really likeable characters - yo ! and if you have n't read `` caught stealing '' and `` six bad things '' , head to borders now so you can read them before `` a dangerous man '' . plan on not doing anything else for awhile because these books are just too intense to put down . pulp noir at its ' finest
sigmund freud has done an amazing research in the field of dreams and their meanings , you will be amazed how every single detail in the dream has a meaning ( according to sigmund freud - not that i agree with him ) . and it is very impressive . personally i enjoyed this book very much
i enjoyed this book , but then again i always enjoy sue miller 's novels.she has this way of making me feel close to her main characters . so anyway sue , is lottie ok ? has she found contentment in life ? please write me at babz @ aol.com . i am about to read `` the distinguished guest '' -- i heard it was really great ! i 'll let you know . bar
this text was assigned reading in a psych101 back in 1970 , but its themes have stayed with me so strongly i am now ordering it for my personal library . i was born with a club foot , and experienced the power of being different , even though my personal defect was so minor as to be rarely noticed by others . stigma gave me an appreciation of the force behind my own shame and the reaction to my difference of others . more importantly , i learned about the degrees of identity -- which differences make the most difference ( sex , race , disabilities ... ) and the increasing intensity that comes with breaking the most closely held norms . a classic study
i loved the core knowledge curriculum . the reason i switched my children to a charter school is that they started out teaching ck . i also switched them back to the public school when the principal got away from ck and made it just like a public school . i agree that a teacher should supplement what is in the ck books to give their students a better understanding of the material . teaching the information exactly how it is presented in the books would be very dry . however ck is a great outline of what should be taught . it covers a tremendous amount of knowledge including the fight for civil rights , all religious ideology , multicultural literature and more . if there is a problem with the books , it is that many children would not be motivated to learn the wide variety of topics covered . for many it would be too much . also weak teachers would be overwhelmed trying to cover everything . hence , anyone claiming that ck supports a racist philosophy has never read the books . also i want to point out that the reviewer who called the books racist misspelled the word . it is not spelled rasist . i also find it disturbing that the reviewer is supposedly a teacher . when attending school , maybe that teacher would have benefited from a core knowledge foundation .
polanyi sets forth an incredibly relevant , radical , and all too plausible theory in this book.going beyond a mere analysis of how the market system functions , polanyi endeavors to answer the question as to how the market came about . polanyi 's answer will not be pleasing to libertarians , he argues that a free land and labor market can only come about through government intervention , and must be sustained through further intervention . he also argues that the market ransforms the nature of social relations . usually , economic relations were a result of social relations , under the market , it is the latter.polanyi attempts to show how a market for land and labor came about in britain . his argument that government `` enclosures '' created it through dislodging the poor and turning their land into sources of economic production is convincing . however , other arguments polanyi advances simply demonstrate a central government repealing the interventions of subaltern governments.polanyi 's argument that there was no `` rent-seeking '' ( he does n't use that term ) involved in the enactment of state intervion in the economy ( `` proving '' that this intervention was objectively necessary is suspect . one 19th century investigators conclusions do n't serve to overturn the implications of public choice theory.the greatest problem with this book is that polanyi does n't do too much to back up his arguments . he fortunately has a section called `` notes and sources '' where he lists his research material , but i 'd wager that most of this is difficult to find 60 years later
i first encountered this gem of a book when i decided to home educate my children for a few years , and it came with my daughter 's fourth grade calvert school kit . yes , it is european ethnocentric and there are the references to god , but our family was and remains enlightened enough and able to explain *context* even to children.whether you are a bible thumper or dedicated atheist , or somewhere in between , do n't discount this book just because of your beliefs ! there is much that is amazing and simply golden in this book . as a historian , i can not think of a better way to introduce western civilization to a child . the storybook format is a real winner with kids , and if you 're reading it to them aloud , as i did , well , play editor as you go along ! or take the time to explain the context of the times in which it was written.i will be ordering another copy of this book , as my original copy was stolen by some rather sneaky and acquisitive ex-inlaws ( you know who you are ! ) .this book is a do n't miss . and it is also excellent for adults who do n't like history but recognize the need for such knowledge
clinton 's old friend and key russia advisor provides insight on a number foreign policy topics as they evolve . as deputy secretary of state , his accounts provide personal , scholarly and practical accounts . the reader might determine both that talbott was an invaluable resource as the post-cold war era evolved , and that in the end , clinton was his own `` russia hand . '' the primary theme of the book is the relationship between clinton and russian president boris yeltsin . as they address issues such as nato expansion , the balkans , economic difficulties , and each president 's own personal troubles , a number of lessons emerge . first , great power politics takes place between human beings , not merely among structural or organizational frameworks . second , the blending of idealism and realism is thorough and complex , they are not either-or options . third , political , military , economic , domestic and international issues all impact each other , often in surprising ways . fourth , watch out for the u in trying to explain policy making : in the generic y=ax+by+cz+u , that u ( for unexplained/unexpected ) can often play a large role . the russia hand is valuable to students of foreign policy , russia and u.s.-russia relations , and the emergence of the post-cold war era .
a surprisingly tiny book . ( the picture in the upper-left corner is nearly actual size . ) after receiving it , i immediately looked up its dimensions in the description on this page . it says 4.7 x 3.3 x 0.6 . i had not noticed that before i ordered it . the book seems much smaller than that . not that that is a problem ; it was just somewhat of a shock to find such a minuscule book when i opened the box . i believe it is intended to be carried with you in your pocket or glove box or the locket around your neck so you 'll have a chance to pick out a few choice topics of conversation before you enter a party or whatever . it certainly is not intended as bathroom reading . for one thing , the pages are much too small for emergency tp use . not that i am complaining , mind you . this is a gem of a book with over 200 interesting bits of trivia listed more or less alphabetically from `` the amish '' to `` zero '' . ( this is not to imply that the title of each page has much to do with the text , but who cares - the book is fun . ) each page has its stated `` fact '' and a follow-up paragraph to expound on the subject.also , there are a number of pages randomly strewn through the book with three `` instant personalities '' each - little tidbits of info about famous people . ( although , thomas jefferson got his own page , as did alfred hitchcock . ) and unlike another trivia book i purchased recently ( bla bla ) , the information here is actually correct . will and mangesh research their topics , not just publish un-provable `` facts '' gathered from the internet . use the contents with confidence .
i am an avid reader of books of biblical prophecy , and i feel that clarence larkin 's `` the book of revelation '' is the best on the book of revelation . mr. larkin provides charts for the student , and does verse by verse analysis of the book . if you want to study the book of revelation . i would submit clarence larkin 's `` the book of revelation '' as your first tool of study
in all the talk about education issues these days , it 's easy to forget that what 's really important is the relationship , the energy , between students and teacher . when the teacher closes his door and is face-to-face with thirty kids -- that 's where it 's at . it 's not test scores or textbooks or innovative curriculum -- it 's what happens between people in a classroom . this book shows that dynamic relationship between eager , active kids and a caring , active teacher . it 's not all pleasant , and successes are sometimes small , but a pervasive caring underlies it all . as a teacher , this book reminded me that sometimes the best thing i can do for my kids is to leave all that paperwork , go for a walk , go to bed early so i can be there for them the next day
i do n't think customer lee kane is quite right when he says that tag gallagher 's labour-of-love book is mainly about the films . gallagher 's writing is spare and lean but he gives at least as much biography as the purely biographical books
this was the first roberts novel i read . words can not describe how much i enjoyed it . i 've read and/or listened to 50 since . you ca n't go wrong . her storys are original , her characters are strong and well developed .
first off , i want to say that i can not believe the audacity some people have in the censure and harsh remarks towards this brilliant young man ! shame on you ! the book its self is great , great use of language , story and wonderful imagination . to be so rediculous as to pull this young man up on grammatical structure and lexical syntax is rediculous ! who cares ! talk about looking for somthing to criticize , this young man brought his dream to life and became a best selling author and even the man behind a full feature major motion picture ! ! ! gee wizz , most would have difficulty reading a novel and getting off their back side to hire a dvd let alone make the whole damn thing yourself happen ! help or no help , he made it work , he is a vital part in the chain and all props to you my friend ! ! !
i found both volumes of ms. cook 's books fascinating . i could not wait to return to them . i learned a lot about eleanor and the time in which she lived . i will buy copies of both for all my children and suggest that my grands read them as well .
the greatest paragraph in all of singer is the one at the beginning of his story , shosha , where he says he knew two dead languages , hebrew and aramaic , and was educated to read about the cultic requirements of a temple which had not existed for 1900 years ; he knew yiddish which he considered perhaps not a language at all , and that although his ancestors had lived in poland for five or six hundred years he knew only a few words of polish , although he lived in poland for all of his youth until he came to america.nothing says more about the unhealthy state of the jews than this . zionists should use this quote as the supreme justification for their idea that jewish life in the diaspora was very disfunctional and certainly unhealthy
how many times have i wished dr. dolittle could come visit me and just talk to my 16-year-old curmudgeon and have rambo pass along what 's got him yelling all night ... .. '' twisted whiskers '' is the next best thing . pam johnson discusses a wide variety of feline behavior problems in cats ' terms so we can form better human-feline cohabitation . her chapters on `` old age '' and `` depression '' were indispensible in dealing with rambo . in addition , johnson talks about natural remedies rather than having us end up with a generation of doped-up furbabies . johnson lists the bach 's flower remedies and their appropriate applications and doseages for felines . excellent read ! highly recommended for new and old-time cat companions .
i received this as a gift . very happy read . captures thoughts you hope your best friend has
a mind-opening look into the vicious thought patterns depressed people suffer from , this book has been more helpful to me than years of therapy *and* a degree in psychology . ( although i 'm not giving up the meds just yet ) . i 'm amazed by how clearly yapko explains the cognitive distortions we have . the case histories he describes are priceless . on the `` negative '' side , yapko can be just a bit condescending at times ; it 's clear he thinks his way is the only way . and although he mentions other theories of depression , he favors the `` nurture '' theory of ineffective learned thought patterns , claiming that only a small percentage of depression is biochemical in nature . ( maybe next lifetime he 'll be a woman and get to experience menopause . ; ) yapko also has an unfortunate habit of calling depressed people `` depressives , '' which is the kind of labeling we could do without . the most serious criticism i have is that his `` learn by doing '' exercises are sometimes impractical , if not downright silly . for example , to learn about perceived control , yapko writes , `` spend a few days asking [ a partner ] for permission to do everything , such as 'can i go to the bathroom ? ' '' . ( can you imagine how much your spouse would enjoy that after the third day ? ) other exercises tell you to `` interview at least a dozen people '' or `` sometime when you feel playful , experiment with trying to motivate people to do impossible things '' like flying . what depressed person feels playful ? many of these exercises would be highly embarrassing , and certainly not within the realm of a depressed person 's capabilities -- especially those of us who are `` older '' and have physical disabilities . however , i do plan to complete the written exercises . having outlined these minor drawbacks , i have to say it 's an excellent book -- after all these years , i finally have hope about rising from the ashes of depression .
everything that i 've made so far has been really really good . recipes are easy to follow and pack up nicely for next day lunches
this is the best reference i 've seen for it interviews . i 've seen many of these questions at interviews and at one it appeared they had pulled questions from the book . the technology specific questions are excellent
this unforgettable story illustrates the crazy , life-changing adventure of a seventeen-year-old boy who struggles to let go of his fading childhood and accept the phoniness of the adult world . holden caulfield 's loneliness and lack of motivation combined with a traumatic childhood cause him to leave behind his youthful days at pencey prep to venture into the dynamic adult world of new york city . holden tries to hide his youthful innocence as he mirrors the habits of other adults , going to bars , drinking , and purchasing prostitutes . however , his bickering and sarcastic attitude suggest a hidden desire to stay young , a desire he stubbornly buries beneath his new , mature lifestyle . holden , like many others , longs to live in a place that is simple and motionless , a place where one need n't worry about the past or the future . holden also hopes to preserve the innocence in others , such as his sister , so they do n't turn out like him , depressed and regretful . through salinger 's vibrant attitude towards holden 's experience in new york , we readers learn to stop running from our past to prevent losing our youth altogether . the catcher in the rye has survived generations as one of the world 's best bildungsromans , not because it illustrates the fading youth and growing maturity of a memorable character , but because it demonstrates the confusion of a character as he fights desperately to protect what remains of his childhood
how would you like to have to perform your own autopsy ? that is the conundrum that faces dr. maura isles in body double when she returns from a conference in france to find that the identical twin she never knew she had has been murdered in front of her house . the investigation into the murder leads maura to a mental institution to confront the woman who gave the identical twins up for adoption 40 years before , and also leads maura into the chilling discovery that a serial killer has been murderng pregnant women.this book moves quickly as maura follows the investigation to its very surprising conclusion . it 's a pleasure to see maura team up with dr. jane rizzoli -- maura seems to take some of the hard edges off of jane and jane seems to make maura a little less of an ice princess . this is an enjoyable book that you will find is hard to put down until the end
the form of chinese meditation called qigong is based upon the fundamental lessons of internal elixir qigong - and the first step in learning this process is to absorb embryonic breathing theory and techniques which were long kept secret within buddhist monasteries . dr. yang translates and discusses most of the documents available on this arcane process , providing a summary of the practice and an important analysis of the breathing technique which is essential to the study of this ancient buddhist discipline . an essential key to understanding
practical , sage advice from stanley . not as good as his follow up , `` the millionaire mind '' this book is somewhat pedantic . it also suffers from the fact it 's extremely dry . the author 's writing is much more engaging in his followup , and that 's a much faster read . in addition to offering some practical tips `` the millionaire next door '' also lends itself to parody in books like dave barry 's money secrets , a book called `` maybe life 's just not that into you '' and something from andy borowitz , the name of which escapes me . if you have to choose between `` the millionaire next door '' and `` the millionaire mind '' go with the latter .
great recipes that truly are quick and easy . low to no-fat with healthful ingredients . i will be using this cookbook a lot
tolstoy 's honesty at his own selfish motives and his dissapointment with the true value of his accompleshments is wonderfully refreshing . his writing is so personal and open that i do n't think anyone can walk away from this unmoved . i was dissapointed that he rejects the concept of a personal active god in the conclusion of his search
the novels in this series are not the escapist fantasies that many associate with the arthurian legends . they are , in fact , historical fiction at its best . whyte has gone to great lengths to not only ensure historical accuracy , but to weave the stories into historic events . the first six novels in the series ( that is all i have read , though it appears that there are two or three more ) give a wonderfully plausible explaination for the genesis of the arthurian legend . but the beauty of the books is in whyte 's prose . a scottish poet , he uses the language beautifully and creates characters so vivid and multidimensional that we forget the 1600 between their time and ours.these books will not insult your intelligence , and they prove that one does not need to suspend the laws of physics or distort the facts of history to find magic in the arthurian legend .
a great great novel ! catches you from the beginning and does n't let go . you become obsessed and engrossed . collins has the most gorgeous way of writing ... .drawing you in . and his descriptive ability is astounding
i am so passionate about this book . it has answered all the life questions i have ever held . although many people i have recommended it to have reported that they have not been able to `` get into it '' - for me , i would say it is the best book i have ever read . this is about the 5th copy i have purchased because when i lend it out , somehow it is not returned and i want to have a copy to re-read every now and then . ( i will not be lending this one again
this book is a comprehensive guide that presents a lot of useful information concerning intelligent design for beginners.my rating is short of five stars due to the lack of more biological examples that refutes darwinism on the basis of providing a poor explanation on evolution
private investigator kinsey millhone is back again in this fourth installment of sue grafton 's alphabet series . this time she is offered a fee to give a $ 25,000 cashier 's check to a young man named tony gahan . the check for the fee bounces and kinsey is now looking for the man who gave it to her , plus the young man she is to give the cashier 's check to . everything she finds out about her client is bad . he is a drunk , who has killed several people in a car wreck , and appears to be a bigamist . when he is found dead , kinsey has plenty of suspects including survivors of the dead motorists and two angry wives . this book is written in grafton 's usual breezy style , and kinsey becomes more independent and more likeable with each book . i would recommend the whole series to mystery-lovers
you 'll never read this in national geographic , and ng is all the poorer for it . p.j . o'rourke is never politically-correct and he visits places on the planet from which most people would like to escape ... the result is a spot on , razor sharp , keenly observed travelogue that is side-splittingly funny , in a tragic sort of way . o'rourke has a wonderful way of spotting irony , silliness , and official absurdity , and letting all of the air out of pompous , ill-conceived notions . in short , he is the un 's worst nightmare . for anyone who has travelled or ever interacted with any government agency anywhere -- especially our own -- this book is a must read
companies that embrace work teams quickly discover a basic truth : more teams mean more meetings . management experts laud the benefits of enlightened teamwork , but they spend much less time dwelling on the often long , sometimes pointless and nearly always inefficient meetings that teams breed . with teams fast becoming a fixture in the corporate world , meeting management , or facilitation , is becoming a critical skill for anyone with executive ambitions . author ingrid bens ' definition of a facilitator is quite specific - someone who guides a meeting without actually participating in discussion or decision making - but her book is filled with practical advice that any professional can apply when running a meeting . a host of charts , examples and worksheets ( not to mention the accompanying cd ) help illustrate her process for steering meetings without controlling or directing the outcome . we [ ... ] recommend this hands-on how-to guide to anyone motivated to minimize the waste of meeting-creep
newt gingrich presents common sense solutions to the pressing issues of our day in a clear concise and easily understood manner . this book should be required reading for all civics and history classes in high school and college . if the policies dr. gingrich proposes could be implemented , the us would not only become the shining city on a hill , it would also become , far and away , the world 's most powerful economy throughout the next fifty years with prosperity for all americans who chose to join the ownership society he envisions
i love this book ! i have read a-c so far , and this is my favorite book so far . it has a really strong plot , and a surprising ending . this crime book series is great , and i highly suggest picking this book up , or even starting with a
this is a cleverly constructed book of several parts and a few recurring motifs . jones , a welsh methodist , everton fc supporter , london hack and oxford ( arts ? ) graduate , goes to live in parma , italy where his beloved has established herself . he divides his book into nine separate chapters and tries to weave them together as well as his excellent english and his motifs will allow . the first chapter discusses nuances of the italian language and he uses those nuances to propound that italy is a much more nuanced country than england and that its culture is infinitely more refined . an entire chapter brings the nuances of italian culture to bear on football and he waxes very lyrical about the local youth and whatever immigrants are around playing ball as the sun goes down . the football allows us to place italian village life in our minds and to empathize very much with it.the last chapter is an entire ode to italy . it is written largely in the second person and it tells of `` you '' going through the village and everything there appealing to the aesthetic in `` you '' . the english is beautiful and it achieves its purpose in making you close the book with a warm glow . mission accomplished.the chapter on italy 's catholic religion and its protestant and other minorities could have done with much improvement . italy 's catholicism is more complicated than the padre pio cult and the protestants of the north surely have their faults as well . the chapter looks like it came from several previous publications he wrote.the politics chapters build on the hypothesis that the fascist and proto communist factions are still at war with each other and that politicians like berlusconi exploit this for their own nefarious ends . he does a good job of tying the warring world war two factions in with the protagonists and antagonists of later squabbles . he does not like berlusconi and his polished prose does not quite hide this fact.my opinion of this book is that jones sat down with his material and tied it all together into a very passable but rather superficial book which is nevertheless well worth the money being charged .
great book ; it get 's you thinking . my kids arre almost out of the nest and they are all i could ask for . yes , i worked . but not until they were in school , almost always part time and i did not use 'working ' as an excuse to not volunteer at school , sports , and generally be in my kids lives . the point is really about your priorities . do you instinctively put your kids needs first ? it 's been interesting to see how things have worked out with families in our area . we have a large group of kids who have been together since kindergarten ; now they are seniors . you can instantly tell which parents were connected , involved and had their priorities straight . not all of them stayed home the whole time . on and off i used to listen to dr. laura , frequently agreeing , but many times not . what i love is that she has an unpopular point of view and she 's not going to let social , financial , or industry pressure dilute her message . yes , she 's frequently abrasive ; so were many people who have made an impact in the course of events in this world . if you are a parent with young children read the book at least it will give you important ideas to agree or disagree with .
this is an excellent book . unlike many other tutorials available on internet , it gets you started with some beautiful melodies instead of `` twinkle , twinkle , little star '' . highly recommended !
this book helps me understand . the book also helped me explain alzhiemers to families . i have recomended it to families
it is , in my opinion , the second best anne book ! its anne 's wedding ! the whole thing is soaked in romance ! leslie 's story is so amazing and sweet that you have to love her . captain jim is so sweet and perfect , you can nearly see him . miss cornelia is funny and susan is great . anne has to deal with tragedy and joy that makes the books so wonderful . the only thing i do n't like , is that i wish marrilla and all the avonlea people would be in it a little more . in my opinion , this should be where the series ends
this book provides a fine introduction to the myths of northern europe . the book examines the few remnants we have in the forms of epic poems and prose , written by christian writers after the fact - the eddas , beowulf , and the viking sagas . from these sources , especially the edda , the author reconstructs the myths and stories relating to the norse gods and their subsequent twilight in ragnarok . then , the author seeks to answer various questions about this myth and determine whatever relation it may have had to the original religion of the northern european peoples . the figures of odin , thor , loki , balder , and the rest of the norse gods play an important part in our european cultural heritage and it is nice to see them presented in an introduction as here . whatever underlying mental constructs are behind such accounts as that of ragnarok ( the twilight of the gods ) they certainly appear to be universal to the human race , as revealed in all forms of apocalyptic literature . ultimately these beliefs died a rather easy death at the hands of the christian worldview . whatever your personal opinion about the replacement of the pagan beliefs by christianity and whether or not the pagan beliefs should be resurrected or remain buried , you will certainly profit from reading this book and it will help you to better understand northern europe in pre-christian times . finally , it must be noted that in many ways , at least in my opinion , the society of the vikings was superior to our own . i admire the strong sense of individualism that the vikings expressed and enjoy greatly reading about their heroic feats
this was a fabulous resource for understanding the evolution of the marian cult . the one weakness of this book is that it did not deal with the pre-christian origins of the marian cult . other resources , however , cover the evolution of the anatolian fertility cult of cybele into the roman magna mater and later into the so-called `` bvm '' . the author does a good job of showing the origins of various aspects of mariology and contrasting these developments with christianity in the west . the author has done a great service to those who wish to more fully understand the syncretic process which blended christianity with various pagan religions and medeival political structures to create the roman catholic church
while previous guides for the serial drama `` lost '' have often left something to be desired , the book `` finding lost : the unofficial guide '' more than makes up for it . nikki stafford 's attention to detail ( and believe me , *all* `` lost '' fans should have a great attention to detail ) is thus far unparalleled in any other guide book . you name it , this guide book has it . in addition to the usual episode synopsis , stafford provides readers with all the information they can handle , including keeping track of the appearances of the `` numbers '' , discussing theories , pointing out bloopers and continuity errors , illuminating connections , and just generally proving that she has watched way more `` lost '' than any of us . in addition to all that , stafford gives the low-down on each of the `` lost '' cast members , before they became losties . even if you have watched each episode of `` lost '' 4 or 5 times , and think you have caught every little nuance and clue hidden within it , i guarentee you 'll read this book and discover things you did n't catch , or never thought of . one of my favorite features in this book is the essay that details and explains everything on the `` invisible '' map that locke briefly gets a glimpse of in season 2 during the episode `` lock down '' when the blast door comes down on top of his legs , and a black light switches on , illuminating the secret map . bottom line , this book is a must have for serious `` lost '' fans . it would also be a great aid to anybody who is just now beginning to get into `` lost '' .
i read everything and anything king , he is my favorite author . this short story is interesting but predictible
timothy hart lost his b-25 over germany in 1942 and is spending the rest of the war as a guest of the third reich in stalag luft 13 . in 1944 tuskeegee airman lincoln scott arrives in camp and is promptly accused of cutting the throat of smuggler vincent bedford . the prisoners demand a trial , their jailers agree , and ex-harvard law student hart is appointed to defend scott , who appears inexplicably less than grateful . in fact their german jailers are more helpful to the defense than either scott or the american officers , or so it seems , as scott 's trial for murder progresses against a backdrop of class conflict , racial hatred and world war . atmospheric to the point of claustrophobia , a perfectly paced plot , and one of the few times i 've been completely blindsided by a novel 's climax.ps -- the film adaptation starring bruce willis is truly gagworthy , stay away from it
as a librarian and a lover of all things relating to arts & crafts style , i recommend this book to anyone desiring a greater knowledge of this furniture 's history and design evolution . with clear color photographs and just the right amount of text , this book illustrates the origins of arts & crafts furniture in england and its progression , first to our east coast , and eventually westward across america . in fact , my only 'complaint ' about this book is that the photographs are good enough that they leave you wanting for more.because of the depth of information presented here , i would not say that this is a general interest read - rather this book is geared toward those seriously interested in the history of the arts & crafts movement and its recent revival .
i thought i was fairly familiar with the sanibel island area , but this book definitely gave me new insight . the author definitely `` knows her stuff '' and has written a very informative and interesting guide . anyone visiting sanibel ( especially first-timers ) should definitely get a copy before they go .
i bought this book in the 80 's and it did wonders for me ! it helped me to get control of `` me '' again ... and i went forward with my son from there
this is a great book i love it and its very interesting ! great information and pricing
excellent book ! i would have liked to have seen the author delve into several more of the cadets ' lives , but what 's there is great
i affirm the positive comments of the other reviewers . i am a truck driver and dairy farmer and just finished the books on tape version of this book . i want to run away to graduate school and get at phd in physics . i hated science in school.i especialy recommend this book because it affirms true learning . it really does n't start until you fall in love with a subject and go after it just for the fun of it and for the most part on your own . much of the book is about his love of physics and scientific exploration . he touches upon how to do education wrong with his stories about science education in brazil and his work selecting k-12 science texts for the la school system . my independent road of becoming a dairy farmer affirms his thinking , and i am so glad i did not try to get an ag degree
perfectly simple and indistinguishable from the `` real '' amazon - except the price . thanks for everything
i read this book 2 years ago , and still consider it one of the most compelling and important books i have ever read . besides being completely absorbed by this man 's life and experiences , i learned so much valuable information about cambodia from it that i wish it was required reading for anyone traveling there . blended seamlessly with the narrative you will learn of the history and culture of the cambodians , the groundwork for the rise of the khmer rouge , the horrors and fallacies of life under a communist regime , and the story of pol pot . i also gained an insight into buddhist thought and daily life in cambodia , all of which prepared me well for my trip there.haing ngor 's life story also helped me understand the damaging psychological consequences endured by the victims of this holocaust , and of the difficulties cambodians have had in trying to adjust to life in america . there are a lot of lessons to be learned from this book , and many which can give us a better ability to analyze current international events . if you read no other book about cambodia , read this one
excellent book , a good guide to improve project managemen
this work will be regarded as a classic . it is the best work to date on the first crusade
with relations between the west and the islamic world worsening rapidly , a better understanding of islam and its roots is badly needed in the west . one major barrier between understanding islamic culture is the key sacred text , the q'uran , has been little studied in the west , and until recently , good translations were unavailable . many qurans were translated into the same sort of english as the king james bible , and not a glint of the quran 's revevered poetic beauty was reflected in such translations.thankfully , better translations in modern english are being made by leading islamic scholars who have a more sensitive ear to the poetry of the quran , as well as a better understanding of the influence and appeal this text has for believing muslims . like all great works of literature , especially a poetic one like the quran , its power and beauty can only be appreciated in its original language . this is why muslims often say the quran is untranslateable , but when one hears a verse of the quran being sung aloud with a little knowledge of arabic , the beauty ( while unfortunately not fully understandable ) does start to become apparent . but , even in translation , when read carefully the quran still has great beauty from a literary viewpoint . the most beautiful part of the quran in my view is the 'light ' surah , which compares god to a light whose glory fills the entire cosmos . this surah has been a favourite with sufis , islamic theologians like al-ghazzali , and also muslim philosophers as well . while the quran does contain descriptions of violence and its style is often difficult to read for the westerner , it is important to study this work with patience and try and see it as an organic whole rather than a fragmented jumble of poems . it is in this sense the deep underlying unity of the quran and its theology ( which reflects the unity of allah , the divinity in islam ) becomes apparent , especially in the names of god . a good knowledge of this religious classic is becoming indispensible in a world where islam is becoming more important to understand from a global perspective
if you know love , you know god . if you do n't - read hafiz , and you will be on a good path to know both
you do n't have to be a fan of `` old '' hollywood to enjoy this wonderful book about a famous restaurant and its even more famous clientele . fascinating stories accompanied by wonderful pictures . this is only enhanced by the actual recipes of this great restaurant . a wonderful coffee table book that will start conversations about movies , movie stars and great food
having read this book as well as barnet schacter 's on new york during the revolution , both works i find are flawed in different ways . the likeable thing about gallagher is that he manages to convey the story in less than half the time . the hard thing to realize about the battle of brooklyn is that it really was n't much of a battle . the author here makes some grandoise statements about a new age of citizen warfare being ushered in with the advent of this battle . if that is so then the complete defeat of washy 's army bodes ill for that development ! gallagher is on better ground when he provides a nice overall of tactics and warfare in the 18th century . he gives a good account of training and recruitment in both armies . one of the more interesting things he mentions is that due to the two-rank line used by both sides in the revolutionary war , casualties from musketry and artillery tended to be light . this is an interesting point , and one not brought out by many historians of the period . in europe stronger lines of 3 and sometimes 4 ranks were employed , which provided greater strength , but also more density . hence increased loss from fire . a point well worth considering when looking at the battles of the revolution . most historians miss this completely , or are not interested in it . gallagher provides more of a military history in general on this subject , but he does waste a lot of time with preleminaries . more than half of the book is spent providing the standard background for the causes of the revolution , etc . while certainly required for the general reader ; when a book is as short as this one is it seems almost pointless . when we get down to the battle itself gallagher gives us not much more than schacter does . the british flank march completely compromises washy 's position , the outlying forces are swept away clear and simple . the confusion of command between putnam and sullivan no doubt made a bad situation worse . washy 's complete lack of strategic perspective shows up totally here . the defense of brooklyn , much less manhatten itself was a foregoon conclusion . washy was mad to consider defending brooklyn , much less manhatten in the first place . he committed his ill-trained army to an impossible task . that he did not lose completely was due more to how the british under howe chose to wage their campaign . most american authors try to put a bright light on what is essnetially a dark canvas . at brooklyn the americans ran . period . a few units stood their ground , in particular the marylanders , but no one else really did . the reason why american losses were not greater was because they did run . some authors try to say that british losses in killed and wounded were greater than americans at this battle . this is true partly because the british had to attack some strong positions that held for a time until pireced by the assault . british losses were often greater in this regard because americans usually ran once the british bayonet began to strike home . still , of the 1,000+ casualities sustained by the americans here , more than most us historians care to admit fell to british musketry and bayonets . the british loss was still well below 400 . as the great maurice de saxe said in his memoirs of warfare in this period , more of the enemy can usually be despatched when he runs as opposed to when he stands . to reserve fire until the enemy line breaks was considered the most effective tactic of this period . in that respect many dozens of rebels must have been shot down as they ran before british bayonets . gallagher provides some understanding why the british did not storm the heights right away . this has often been one of the major criticisms of howe 's victory . why did n't he follow up ? after marching all night to outflank the americans , the british were disorganized , and tired . they had also foght a running battle with a fleeing enemy . howe did not believe his army was in any condition to storm brooklyn heights , memory of bunker hill or no . of course this does not explain why it was not done the following day . if we look more closely at howe 's position we can perhaps explain his rationale . his commission was both a general and peacemaker . he wanted to convince the rebels to come back into the royal fold . he could best do this by showing how futile their resistence to the crown was . to have destroyed washy 's army in brooklyn would have been gratuitous , excessive . such loss of blood would have defeated the purpose in mind . in restrospect it is easy to find fault with this strategy , and it would prove to be the only chance the british really had to crush the revolution in its infancy . the battle of brooklyn needs to be looked at from several perspectives . gallagher gives us a good start , but i think a more comprehensive work still needs to address all the issues here .
this is not a fad diet . this is a simple , straighforward and helpful guide on how to eat . puhn 's style is friendly and upfront . i read this book over two years ago , and my eating habits will never be as random and damaging as they used to be , because the principles described are easy to implement . great book
this volume contains 152 middle length sutras which are mainly sermons to monks on buddhist practices . having compared the pali original with the translation of about 12 sutras i would give it a high fidelity rating . the appendix contains extensive notes which discuss the text from the viewpoint of the theravada commentaries . a must read for those who want to learn or study using original source material and do not read pali . the introduction contains valuable material on buddhism by a bhikkhu long `` gone-forth '' .
a must have for anybody interested in golf course architecture . as great as pebble beach is today , you 'll wonder why it was ever changed after seeing the old photos of it following chandler egan 's work in 1929 ! buy this beautiful book and you wo n't be disappointed
this is a nice compact hardback edition of dashiell hammett 's five novels , which he wrote between 1929 and 1934 . a veteran of pinkerton detective agency in several cities , hammett turned his intimate familiarity with crooks , low-lives , and the seedier side of life into hard-boiled , hard-hitting detective stories . this was a time when urban corruption was the rule , and private detectives , journalists , and police officers shared information . two of these novels , `` the maltese falcon '' and `` the glass key '' are american classics . another , `` the thin man '' , inspired one of hollywood 's best-loved movie franchises . hammett 's novels lift the veil of propriety from the subcultures in which they take place , laying bare violence , corruption , and pervasive cynicism . but they 're not dreary . the sharp prose crackles , and the heroes stand apart from the corruption while swimming in it , steadfast in their own codes of conduct , their iconoclastic ideologies rooted securely in realism . these five novels all appeared as serials in magazines prior to being published as novels . `` the thin man '' appeared first in `` redbook '' , the others in `` black mask '' . `` the maltese falcon '' ( 1930 ) and `` the glass key '' ( 1931 ) are flawless . `` the maltese falcon '' features private detective sam spade , a irresistible femme fatale , and the ruthless pursuit of an ancient gold statuette . the last pages of the book are some of the most hard-hitting and cynical in all of noir fiction . and they 're brilliant . `` the glass key '' explores political corruption that leads to personal tragedy in an unnamed american city . oddly , the detective is the right-hand man of a crime boss . `` red harvest '' ( 1929 ) features the adventures of hammett 's most popular detective , the continental op , in a town called personville , or poisonville to those who know it better . the always unnamed detective for the continental detective agency finds himself responsible for cleaning up a mining town that is ruled by violence and mob warfare . the novel 's opening paragraph deserves to be read several times . `` the thin man '' ( 1934 ) is an attempt at humor among new york 's blue-blooded , cold-blooded upper crust . hard-boiled humor is interesting in concept . but i find the characters in this novel more pitiful than funny , and hammett 's style was in decline at this point . at least his characteristic cynicism was n't . `` the dain curse '' ( 1929 ) is another continental op novel . this one is melodramatic , absurd , and not up to hammett 's usual standards . hammett fans should n't miss it , but others may find it pointless . i described the novels in order of descending quality . `` complete novels '' organizes them chronologically . five novels is a lot to pack into one book . but `` complete novels '' does n't resemble a door stop . it 's a handy size actually . the print is not too small , but the pages are quite thin . editor stanley marcus , a literary critic and frequent admirer of hammett 's work , has included a chronology of hammett 's life and several pages of notes on the novels in the back of the book . the chronology is informative and provides all of the apparently significant events in hammett 's life . the notes are mostly definitions of colloquialisms used in the novels , which are useful . the notes also contain an introduction to `` the maltese falcon '' , written by hammett in 1934 , in which he explains the origins of that novel 's characters . it 's quite interesting . for those who prefer to own these novels separately , vintage crime/black lizard hs published some handsome trade paperback editions . but if you want hardback and do n't mind all five novels in one volume , this is quite a nice book
originally published in the early 1900 's , this book is an excellent resource for teaching young men about being their own self in a society that is trying to mold them into another copy . high adventure on the high seas . this book is impossible to put down . 75 years ago this was my grandmother 's favorite book . now it is mine
as a former history major and teacher i am very familiar with the history of the crusades from the western point of view . they have been portrayed in literature , movies , and history . they have been glamorized and vilified by westerners for centuries . reading amin maalouf 's rendering of this familiar story from the view-point of arab chroniclers was like looking through alice 's looking glass at a world that is backwards from the one we know . here we do n't have just crusaders , advernturers , or even the evil conquerors that deconstructionists portray , but invaders , barbarians , and enemies of god himself . this book is a must read for everyone who is concerned about events in the middle east today . it sheds light on a crucial time in history that affects the psyche of muslims who are living right now . especially helpful is the epilogue in which maalouf explains how the collective memory of the crusades colors the way many middle-easterners see the west . it is not riveting , but very readable considering it is a translation . i enjoyed it and learned a lot
`` i have shooting pains in my upper left arm . '' said the pilot to brian . brian is the main character in the book hatchet . this book would be for someone who likes survival in the wilderness or even just survival . i like this book because i am into this type of writing . i think gary paulson is a very intelegant man because ... ..who could have thought of a book about a boy who his plain crashes into the canadian wilderness and ... ... ... ... .do you think he survived the wilderness ? ... ... ... he does survive the wilderness ! submitted by : peanut !
i ordered several of these for gifts for my family . it is one of the `` forever '' books to keep for the rest of your life .
i did enjoy this book as it was my first introduction to magnet therapy . this is a topic that i intend to explore much further too . it was very helpful and gave good information
there is not one book this woman has been involved in that i did n't like so far . many stories you will find in her book have different personalities , which i find refreshing . she has been involved in many science fiction projects and when i go to pick up a book with her name on it ... ..i know there will be something , if not everything , i will enjoy in that book.there should be no question when you see a book with her name on it , that you should open that book and read a while
this book focuses on a cogent question by way of a true story and invites response from all sorts of people with pertinent experience , providing biographies of these respondents . the topic is forgiveness . i found the analysis by dennis prager , an l.a. talk show host , the most understanding of christian/jewish outlooks and jose hobday 's perhaps the best of the christian contributions . i am eager to discuss it with members of my theology group .
i dont agree with the previous reviewer at all . my kids love everything in this book and if i find enough time i want to make every single toy . they are not scary looking at all . if you like knitted babes by claire garland , you ll love this one . there are 5 themes in this book : enchanted land : princess and castle fairy dream : fairy and baby , flower pillow , unicornwild trail : cowboy and mustangset to sea : pirate and ratty , dinghymagical waterworld : mermaid , fish , seahorse and crab , dolphinthere are also pages on knitting , crochet and stitching basics . this is probably not a book for a beginner , but if have some experience you ll want to get your needles , hooks and yarn and just get going . i can only recommend this one . 5 stars ! ! !
an amazing resource to the odd world of chick collecting . mr. fowler has crafted an exhausting , almost overwhelming guide to all of chick 's works and articles about him . everything is cross-referenced to the point of where the reader is nearly overwhelmed with information . minute details of publishing histories and changes to individual tracts are documented down to the smallest letter . the book ( presented in a distinctive computer printout style , possibly due to its origins as a self-published work ) is packed with charts of pricing info and catalog numbers . but even casual chick fans will enjoy the `` history of the world '' segment , which ties all of jack 's wild theories into a cohesive narrative , and a segment devoted entirely to fun trivia ( there 's a list of every instance of the term `` haw '' for instance ) . each tract and comic is described , and info is given on various parodies and rip-offs . this is a must for all chick fans ( both `` saved '' and otherwise )
although everything is shown in silhouette , there is plenty of color and action and my kids ( boy and girl ; now 3 and 5 ) have always like it . there are herds of elephants , steaming machines , flowers , critters and more . as the first spotlight reviewer did a good job of summarizing the assortment of critters and things that one can find i wo n't say more.but in regards to the use of silhouettes instead of pictures or detailed line drawings at least one reviewer has said that they did n't like them . but i think they miss the point . the book is about *shapes* and how much you *can* identify without the ` advantage ' of a detailed picture . and looking at the silhouette and identifying the item/creature is part and parcel of the mental exercise , just like the rhythm and rhyme of the story . if you used pictures you 'd hardly learn anything about ` shapes ' would you.no , the use of shadows is just right for exercising young minds . for reaching for that aristotelian abstract ( lol ) of what is ` skunk ' . and it is amazing how even the littlest of people can tell a skunk from a cat even with seuss ' odd artwork.five stars . 19 pages of fun for boys and girls . this sturdy boardbook is a good read-aloud that stretches the imagination
i 've been doing game dev for a number of years now , and it 's like a breath of fresh air to come upon a book like this . clearly written , well organized , and a breeze to read through ! my thanks goes out to each and every one of the authors who contributed to this invaluable tome . i 'd give this thing six stars if i could . you will not regret buying this book ! !
excellent book - telling a shocking but real story of genocide on an unbelievable scale .
i love this book -- it 's beautiful . this book is a delightful romp through the farmyard , with goose leading the way across the pages as she chases a butterfly , causing the ruckus with all the animals . the abstract artwork truly appeals to adults and , therefore , may be too difficult for very young children to comprehend : the pigs in the muck , the kittens in the hayloft , the pigeons in the rafters all might be a little tough for a baby to distinguish . but a parent rereading the book several times in a row will appreciate seeing fleming 's gorgeous art each time . my nine-month-old son reacts to the colors with glee and my imitations of the animals with laughter -- this is definitely one of his favorites . i highly recommend this book
if you saw the show and liked it enough that you want a book of lyrics and cast photographs , then this is a book you want . if you have n't seen or did n't like the show , i ca n't imagine why you would want this
i 'll be honest , i do n't like fiction books . but i 've got to tell you , a mulligan for bobby jobe has changed my mind . mr. cullen adds so much detail that the reader comes away with a sense of actually being in touch with the cast of limited characters and the events taking place . the twists and unpredictable turns make the book a truly unforgettable experience . you do n't need to be a golfer or a fan of golf to enjoy this novel . can lightning strike twice ? absolutely
an excellent short introduction to the philosophy of logical atomism . the lectures should be read along with wittgenstein 's tractatus logico-philosophicus . russell 's logical atomism differs significantly from wittgenstein 's version of the theory but both share certain key features which make the theory distinctive . those who enjoy `` mathematical philosophy '' will not be disappointed
i would recommend this book to anyone studying `` romeo and juliet . '' i would have never made it through english class without this book
seventeen-year-old catherine morland has always been preoccupied with three very important things : dancing , dressing , and reading sensational novels . but doing these things wo n't get you a husband , or acquaint you with other young ladies , such as yourself . so , upon request from a neighbor , catherine is invited to spend some time in bath - a fashionable town , where catherine will have the opportunity to interact with people of her own age and stature , who are not related to her . and that is where the naive catherine meets up with the thorpe family . quickly becoming friends with isabella thorpe , catherine begins spending much of her time with the illustrious , yet conniving family . and it is only when catherine is rescued by henry tilney , along with his charming sister , eleanor , and whisked off to their ancestral home , known only as northanger abbey . there , catherine 's choice of reading material - mysteries and ghost stories , that is - comes back to haunt her ; for northanger abbey is victim to terrible noises in the night - such as creaking , and frightening winds , that leave catherine feeling as if she is residing in a haunted place herself . the fact that the enormous house is filled with various locked doors , and a curious history only heightens young catherine 's suspicions , and makes her question what mystery and secrets are lurking within northanger abbey , and the tilney family , in general.jane austen has been a favorite of mine since i was very young , but it was not until this past weekend that i happened upon northanger abbey while browsing through the bookstore , and decided to purchase it . i will admit that , hands down , this has become one of my favorite austen books . catherine is an enchanting character , whose innocence , and naivete make her charming from beginning to end ; while her overactive imagination leaves the reader chuckling in delight at the many crazy notions she creates within that bright head of hers . catherine 's interactions with isabella thorpe , and the rest of the thorpe family are intrepid , and truly make you feel strong emotion towards those particular characters ; while the charming henry tilney - like mr. darcy - makes you root for a romance to blossom between our dashing businessman , and our young heroine . a wonderful , satirical piece of fiction , that should certainly be discovered by anyone who calls themselves an austen fan.erika soroccobook review columnist for the community bugle newspape
i truly enjoyed the beautiful photos in this book . lots of ideas and details in the photos . it would be hard for you not to pick up some ideas for your own home -- -just from looking at the photos . well done
i wrote this review because i felt that none of the reviews so far really got the main cause of this book . this is not a book about cosmology ( as people would expect from roger penrose ) . in this tiny book , penrose summarizes his idea that the mind can not be understood by mathematical processes ( something much different from the opinion of 99,99 % of neurobiologists , such as steven pinker ) . this view is near to the nobel laureate murray gell-mann . the book is easy to understand and the ideas are very concise and its recommended for the ones that are interested in intelligence theories ( thus , the author assumes that the reader know what a neuron is and how it works ! ) . some may think this is a difficult to understand book because they did n't had in mind that this book is about penrose 's point of view on intelligence . in fact , i 'm not a physicist , nor a biologist , simply a high school student and i found the book very easy to understand , although i do not agree with penrose 's point of view . i think he forgot something very important . read it and read the other point of view and you 'll find what it is ! :
when tom returns w/ huck & jim from thier crazy escapeds in huckleberry finn , he 's the center of fame . but when it wears off tom begins to hanker for a new adventure . he found it , all right . trapped in a runaway balloon w/ a mad sceintist who wants to commit a glorious suicide is n't my idea of a leisurely summer vacation , but it gets pretty funny
an incredible task carried aout by two prominent researchers in the field . arato and cohen accomplished a great job in this work . the reader both will find a lucid theoretical evaluation of the concept of 'civil society ' and will have a better understanding of twentieth century political philosophy . also , the book does not only 'summarize ' the basic arguments and debates about 'civil society ' ; but also offers a new understanding of our social and political world by their genuine model . as a researcher in the field i do really appreciate their effort and thank these two brilliant researchers for their fastidious and meticulous work .
not many writers can characterize children realistically . somehow a stylized silhouette emerges and the child fades in the background and the plot or adult characters take over the storyline and the children characters end up being nothing more than fluff . this is definately not one of those novels . carson mccullers writes almost with artistic persicion on her two most elaborate characters , f. jasmine and john henry west . i really can not think of another story , maybe , a good man is hard to find , by flannery o'conner , where the writer can get inside the mind of a child ; evoking their unique thoughts and feelings with a sense of ease . john henry west is one of the most well rounded and well written children i have ever read , and that is a great homage to her writing ability . *i first read this at ten , can see that age or older reading it . will have a intense impact on a sensitive pre teen reader
for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art
this book has a lot of insights about various ways in which the ' pace of life and learning ' have since the scientific revolution accelerated . in other words it is a book which gives one much to think about.the problem is that it also suggests that given the vast increase of information available to us , the vast increase in 'possible alternatives ' for our attention , that we will probably have our minds moved away from the insights so rapidly as to not even absorb them.the obvious reply to such an intense barrage upon our consciousness , is to withdraw . and when we withdraw and close out all that is accelerating around us , we begin to try and make a pace and story of our own within ourselves.the faster we are forced to go , the slower we may need to go . i think a companion volume , or perhaps a contradictory volume should be written on all those human activities which might be aided by our ' going slower in them ' . and along with this volume should be advice and recommendation of how to keep out of our life these seemingly endless intrusions which disrupt our living by our own rhythm . `` run slowly , slowly horses of the night ''
after talking to several pharmaceutical reps i know , i decided to shoot for a sales rep job myself . this book gives some very good insight into what it takes to land a job in the industry , what kind of people you 'll be dealing with , what the hiring pricess is like ( with particular emphasis on the interviews ) , and then what the job is like for people who manage to get hired . i 'm very glad that i took the time to read this book because , after finishing it , i realize that being a pharmaceutical sales rep sounds like one of the most horrible careers imaginable . obviously this is simply my own opinion , and i know there are plenty of people out there who enjoy this kind of work , but nearly every single thing about it , from the superficial way applicants are screened , to the shameless pandering that sales reps must do on the job , sounds simply awful to me . if you are considering a career as a drug rep , you should definitely do your homework to make sure it 's really something you would enjoy . this book may very well convince you that you would love it . if so , that 's great , and i hope you are successful . but if this kind of work is not right for you , this book can be equally helpful because you 'll find out by reading it what the job is really like . there are a lot of books on this subject on the market right now , and although this one was helpful , i have to say that i think insider 's guide to the world of pharmaceutical sales by jane williams is far more comprehensive and detailed than this one . if you only buy one book , definitely buy that one instead . but if you buy two books , pharmaceutical landing is a good second choice.one more thing : there 's some sweet irony about this book that i just have to report . the author goes to great lengths describing how he scrutinizes every single thing about job applicants , from their shoes to their body language . he also stresses well-written resumes and cover letters . one obvious piece of advice is that job applicants spell check everything before submitting it . imagine my surprise , then , when on the very next page it says candidates should `` ... right a short paragraph ... '' about their job experiences . it seems to me that someone who is going to be as critical as this author is about job candidates ought to take the time to spell check his own book
i am a prekindergarten teacher . this book is a favorite of all of my students both boys and girls . the story has an important moral that all children can learn from . the moral is to be yourself and that you do not need to copy others . stephanie not only does her own thing but stands up for herself . this story gives children the courage to stand up for themselves and to be an individual
janet browne 's far-reaching biography misses little in bringing us the life of the 19th century 's most controversial biologist/geologist . the first volume of a two-volume set , `` voyaging '' , begins ( as you would expect ) with his youth in the english town of shrewsbury under his father 's care . we meet his father - a doctor and businessman , his brother - intelligent but unfocused , and his late grandfather erasmus darwin who was well known at the time for his eccentric and agnostic views . from his early days , browne depicts a darwin struggling to find himself , first as a medical student in edinburgh , then as a student of theology in cambridge . though we know better what darwin is to be , browne 's portrait of him manages to evoke the doubt that he must have felt when faced with adequate but uninspiring career options.but the story often returns to darwin 's love of the outdoors and of biology - a theme which underpins all of his early feints and mis-steps at life . he is seen as a frequent hunter , and an avid collector and cataloguer of insects and beetles . despite this , and despite the benefit of hindsight , at times i felt some tension - finding myself unconsciously wishing to offer advice to this young man who seems adrift and unaware of the great role that history was preparing him for . we finally catch a glimpse of that future as he fortuitously receives an offer to travel aboard the beagle , a vessel bound for south america on a surveying mission . i wo n't spoil the rest , other than to say that browne does an excellent job of building darwin , showing in detail each moment of discovery upon which the next is laid , capturing his excitement about the natural world as he slowly sheds his amateur standing and gains confidence - finally attaining acknowledged scientific stature . and yet even then , darwin holds his boldest work out of sight of the world , privately developing the theory of natural selection out of sight of a straightjacketed victorian society.in tenor , it 's clear that browne , a professor in the history of biology greatly respects her subject . but she does not allow him to pass through her pen unscathed . darwin was a man of his times and of a certain station , and held certain prejudices that the author does n't hesitate to point out - such as his not wholly humanitarian attitudes about slavery . she also reveals what some may find darwin 's less endearing traits such as his anti-social tendencies and his lack of any real passion for any subject but science ( when approaching the subject of marriage , darwin 's priority on research causes him to discard several eligible but too learned women who , he feared , might place demands on his time ) . she does seem to soft-pedal darwin 's poor treatment of his companions on the beagle , many of whom contributed significantly to his efforts on that seminal voyage , and whose contributions went largely uncredited and unrecognized . ( for those curious , this theme is well-explored in robert wright 's `` the moral animal '' ) also , it was difficult for me to follow the various people who pass through his life and their relationship to him , more my failing than the author 's i think , as she provides ample details on the many individuals who made an impact on darwin 's life . if you do decide to read it , it might be helpful to keep a pen and paper handy for jotting down a few notes ( although the author does append a fairly extensive family tree at the front of the book ) .certainly , the book is well worth reading for anyone with more than a passing interest in exactly how the theory of evolution ( and the legend of charles darwin ) was born . i 've read few biographies better
this book is fantastic . it has changed my life and i highly recommend it
i intend to have the very first item in this read at my memorial service - which i hope wo n't be soon ! some of this was slightly dated , but always good reading . he had such a unique take on his world and such a down-to-earth way of looking at the goings-on around him .
this book starts with the fundamentals of atomic structure and then builds on them until molecular orbital theory . molecular orbital theory is developed for both organic and inorganic substances . molecular orbital theory is used to explain the electronic structure of molecules , which is , of course , of fundamental importance to the chemist.bonding theories for organic and inorganic models are developed and a brief treatment is given on the solid state at the end of the book.this is a book that i often use as a reference . this book is versatile enough to refresh the chemist about bonding ideas in both organic and inorganic areas . it is not a particularly advanced book , but it was a pleasure for me to read and a good book to remind me of the basics when i need it
one of the most interesting classical texts . if you are interested in greek myth , legend , history and culture , you must read this series
a very , very good book to get to know the everyday life of late imperial chinese
i have used this book for more than 5 years and take it with me on every trip to paris . if you ca n't get success from these recipes then you might consider some other past time than baking . get used to baking with weights and this book is perfect . something as simple as a madeleinne is created perfectly in weight measures but just a shot in the dark when using volume measurments . this book is not exactly for beginner bakers but if you have some experience it is fantasti
having just spent the last few months reading all five books in the three musketeer series , the following are my suggestions.1 . read all five books in order . the man in the iron mask is probably enjoyable on its own but reading the four books that proceed it help place the story in its proper context . think of the man in the iron mask as the dessert in a five course meal . dessert is great but the four proceeding course are also enjoyable . getting to the end of the book was especially enjoyable knowing that i was finishing a 3,500 page experience.2 . read the oxford university editions . there are wonderful end notes that help the reader keep track of the characters and events . when you read 3,500 pages you need that type of assistance to keep things straight . the introductions are also very well written and help the reader get back into focus before beginning the next chapter.3 . if you really like any one book in particular , go to the internet and purchase a well illustrated used hardback edition for your collection . i purchased a used three musketeers with illustrations by maurice leloir . the three hundred plus illustrations make that edition especially enjoyable.along with sir walter scott , alexandre dumas created the genre of the historical adventure novel . i have been reading these types of novels my entire life . beyond a doubt , alexandre dumas is the master virtuoso of this genre .
this is probably my favorite book in med school so far . it is long , but very readable , has excellent pictures and diagrams , and the clinical cases are fantastic . highly recommended
this book covers everything you 'll need to know about making model scenery . that being said , the material presented may seem a little overwhelming and difficult to a novice , however , with some trial and error , you 'll eventually get it righ
this book melded two things i never thought i 'd see in one book . the salem witch trials and modern drug research . sounds a little weird at first , but robin cook makes it work.alot of mystery as well as some insight into the past of 17th century salem , ma make this a very engaging read . as with other books by robin cook , none of the characters is perfect which always makes his creations easier to relate to , no matter how rich , smart , etc , they may be.great read ! very exciting endin
a very good , very quick military history overview - hits all the main points without belaboring any , gives the reader a good list of authors to look at after finishing howard
quiller 's guide is the most systematic color text available . it combines a deep knowledge of traditional color theories with a huge amount of quiller 's personal research into how paints actually mix as colors . central to the book is quiller 's color mixing wheel for watercolors , oils and acrylics , probably the most accurate color wheel available in any published work ( though he has a revised color wheel , available separately ) . he explores the monochrome , analogous , complementary and split complementary color schemes through many demonstration paintings and detailed mixing instructions . he emphasizes repeatedly the importance of a strong value composition , and careful variations in color saturation , in building the painting . an indispensible book
a great book for every usability practitioner . not only did i find the content of this book very informative and very useful , but in particular i liked the structure of the book and found it extremely usable . each chapter contains context information at the beginning of the chapter , an out line of the chapter , summary notes on the side bar for quick review , sample techniques and forms , war stories , estimation of resources required to complete each step , etc this structure makes the book one of the most usable books i have ever used , and therefore one of the most useful companion in designing the user interface
the sun shines , planets orbit , corporations lie voraciously , humans consume mindlessly and noam chomsky - the pre-eminent intellectual of the modern era - churns out knowledge , elucidates the times and refutes the notion that it is our manifest destiny to perpetually suffer indignity.in a wide-ranging series of question and answer sessions chomsky tackles a myriad of seemingly disparate topics , which ultimately pertain to and concern the economic and political system and the welfare of humanity . unlike books authored by chomsky himself which tackle specific topics understanding power - the indispensable chomsky is the transcript of sessions traversing a decade during which chomsky takes questions from the audience on a number of topics ranging from us foreign policy , imperialism , trade and the third world to propaganda , corporate media , solutions to the collective malaise and the march towards a more just system and society . expounding on his legendary encyclopaedic knowledge and command of logic , professor chomsky manages to offer the questioners , and by extension the readers , a radical approach distinct from the boilerplate and mind-numbing discussions of the corporate media . refuting the suitability of handling our problems by working within the system and nibbling at the edges chomsky offers an alternative to the broken system without resorting to the expected customary answers like a broken record . as thoughtful and brilliant as the discourse is , the book 's editors also deserve much praise not only for the compilation , but also for the easy to read format and the lively pace of the book . understanding power could easily have been entitled understanding the system and is a brilliant book based on the profound teachings of a brilliant thinker
i 'm a high school freshman studying romeo & juliet and i can not understand hardly any of it . i found this book at a borders bookstore and i have been reading it and it is extremely helpful . there 's a line-by-line translation that makes a ton more sense . buy this if you 're having trouble with r & j
as a frequent reader of home design books and magazines , the title and the beautiful cover of this book immediately appealed to me . a quick review of the table of contents revealed that i had to have this book . pelosi begins with the basics , moves into specifics , and then focuses on those special challenges we all face when trying to make our homes beautiful and appealing without spending a fortune . the pictures are gorgeous and inspiring and the author has an ability to write clearly and concisely with a great sense of humor . whether you are looking for a single design solution or , like me , enjoy reading about interior design , this is the book for you ... and it makes a great gift for your friends and family and colleagues and anyone who lives in a home . `` interior divine '' made my holiday shopping easier this year !
this book is without a doubt one of the best in the series of chicken soups . i have purchased several of them and give them out for gifts in the hospital , get well , birthdays and etc . there is something for everyone in this book . what a great little gift
i 'm sure most people will come to fitzgerald through her novels , so i have to excuse myself as a first time reader who just happened to pick up these short stories . i still have n't decided if i enjoyed the collection , but they are unique . i thought the first story was by far the best , but after that , the quality varied widely . unlike a classic short story writer ( someone like guy de mauppassant ) , these stories have no resolution for the most part . in fact , they leave you with that feeling of listening to music and waiting to shift back into the major key . discordant is the word i 'm looking for . the settings take the reader all over the globe and across three different centuries . i suspect most would enjoy her novels more ( i am certainly heading in that direction to read them next ) , but i ca n't say since i have n't read them myself . overall , i found this collection a bit unsettling , but still well written . i 'm sure her fans will enjoy them more than i did on this first encounter
terry 's son , nile , has honored his father ( and done the rest of us a huge favor ) by publishing this collection of the best of terry 's shorter works.terry concluded at one point that film had surpassed literature as the communication medium of choice , and devoted most of the rest of his life to that arena . his interview `` on screenwriting '' describes both the benefits and the frustrations associated with that choice . his advice is just as relevant to the would-be screenwriter today as it was when he wrote it.his `` proposed scene for kubrick 's rhapsody , '' and `` plums and prunes , '' provide interesting examples of proposed movie scenes that will prove interesting to readers unfamiliar with that arcane art.as other reviewers have noted , `` grooving in chi '' is an excellent description of the chicago riots during the democratic national convention in 1968.finally , pieces like `` the beautiful-ugly art of lotte lenya , '' `` when film gets good , '' `` rolling over our nerve-endings [ william burroughs ] , '' and `` writers at work [ henry green ] '' prove that he could write serious criticism.through it all flows that wonderful , irreverent , sense of humor.good stuff
some long ago inventer discovered that if you place carefully shapped rocks just so they will remain in place as an arch , dramatically reducing the amount of stone you need to hold up a bridge , an aquaduct , or the entrance to a castle . it probably was n't too much later that someone recogniced that a bunch of arches next to each other would yield an arched ceiling to a room . my guess is that it then took a very long time for someone to recognize that if you made a series of arches in a circle you could make a domed room . but as soon as one was built , i suspect that a priest of some kind looked up and immediately saw that a minature version of the sky had been created , and that an artist could transform this sky into a 'vision of heaven . ' this book shows what decoration has been applied to the insides of domed buildings from about the second century to the twentieth . it is an absolutely spectacular set of photographs of how artists have brought the heavens down to earth .
this is an excellent status report on the current state of the art on evolution . some essays speak specifically about intelligent design and some digress into behavior and social systems . this book will really get you up to date from only leading scientists
the book is complete brand new and i got it very quickly after the order even with the free shipping service . in addition , the price is pretty good for the book with such a good condition .
alliterative analogies , assertively assembled , appear aplenty , appropriately , apt and artful , absorbing attention ad infinitum . this could be a fitting summary of abish 's stunningly `` now '' novel , written almost a quarter of a century ago with a linguistic device concocted between kabbala and alliteration . chapter 1 is composed with words beginning only with the letter a , chapter 2 with a and b and so on until chapter 27 , when z first , then chapter by chapter all other letters , are progressively subtracted . in spite of a scheme tracing back to the beginning of written literature , the novel tells of deeds and characters so surprisingly contemporary , they may have been culled from today 's headlines : polysexually inclined thugs hide in africa after a crime spree , with the author in pursuit of the woman who betrayed them . chasing after the thugs from country to country , we are introduced to a ruler queen transvestite , war and genocide , corrupted burocrats and soldiers , rampant corruption in a landscape still in hot air , where sparsely assembled people wollow in african indolence . all is narrated with poetic detachment , in a dimension between joke and dream that implies social , political and historical commentary with what appears linguistical accidentality : it is just that the words were limited by my artifice , reader , the author seems to smile . no harm intended . perhaps : the scenario may have seemed so far fetched in 1974 , to have been deemed the product of unabridged fantasy . great art , when unhindered , relates to the whole of time , in all tenses . while amusing , abish has managed a ponderous read , which meandering on through verisimilar everyday history of attitudes and practices , inserts deep philosophical reflections as light as the puns enclosing them and extends like a prophecy to contemporary events . attentive readers will delight in finding the one slip from the add-subtract letter scheme . and wonder : was it accidental ? `` in order to be perfect , all i lack is a defect '' goes an ancient italian folk ironic couplet
although i 'm not new to wwii histories , the first world war is one of my favorite historical periods to read about and one of my favorite books from that war is alistar horne 's `` the price of glory . '' since i enjoyed reading about one if wwi 's most epic battles , i did not hesitate to read `` stalingrad : the fateful siege '' by antony beevor.in both works , comparisons are made between the battles of verdun and stalingrad and for good reasons . both battles were initiated by german forces that underestimated the tenacity of their enemy , the course of battle spun wildly beyond their commander 's control , and both battles cost a near unimaginable loss of life and human suffering.beevor is especially keen on the amount of human agony throughout the battle of stalingrad , which makes the book gutwrenching but at the same time the reader is unable to put it down . from the well-documented cold , lice , and hunger that haunted russian and german soldier alike , to the disease and desperation experienced by the sixth army as they were slowly strangled in zhukov 's trap , it seems that beevor has overlooked nothing . unlike many battle histories that may focus on stategy or political fallout of the conflict , the emphasis on human suffering and heroism in beevor 's work makes the reader sympathize for russians , germans , romanians , and anyone else unlucky enough to get caught in the battle.not only does beevor shed light on the plight of ordinary soldiers , he also examines the more famous players in the battle ; including a paranoid stalin , a dreaming hitler , a finger-pointing von manstein , and a indecisive paulus . indeed , the reader gains perspective from rastenburg and moscow all the way down the heirarchy to the frozen bunkers of stalingrad.overall , `` stalingrad : the fateful siege '' is an excellent book that is recommended for anyone interested in world war ii or just any hard-hitting military history
this book is pitched , at least in part , to linux beginners . but it fails in small , maddening ways when speaking to this audience . after a lot of discussion of disk partitioning and install , page 65 tells you to run the `` man '' command in a shell session . it offers no clue that the only way to terminate a `` man '' command is the letter q - a completely unintuitive action . so a new user can flounder forever , or at least until they get frustrated and reboot . but i do n't mean to slam just this book . that same problem exists in most other beginning linux books , even o'reilly 's pocket guide . all these knowledgeable authors seem to think that noephytes will somehow magically gain access to information that the authors have in their heads , but have n't committed to paper . except for that , it 's a very good book .
after reading many so so books on training for triathlons this book spoke to me . being a beta type personality i loved the macro , kicked back approach he took to training . it was just what i 'd been looking for . keeping it fun . thanks , bra
halfway through it and it is very good concerning the difficulties that physicians who are married or in a serious relationships face thoughout their careers . a good read for those entering the profession and a must read for those recently married
this collection of plays is extraordinary . shepard threads tales of cartoonlike characters bound by the direst of circumstances excellently
this book has a wealth of information for any practitioner of yoga , from beginner to advanced . the content is concise and practical , and the poses are sequenced in a way that allows for a gradual and safe progression in the practice . there are also dozens of practice sequences given for both improvement and how to treat common ailments through yoga . the introduction is especially valuable , as it offers a no fluff in-depth commentary on the philosophical thought behind the asana practice . i pick it up again and again and am still referring to it after nearly 15 years of owing it . my copy is dog eared and loved , and was well worth every penny.an earlier reviewer mentioned that the photos and layout were not user friendly , and only gave the book two stars , which is a shame . this book was first printed in the mid 1960 's - over 40 years ago ! it was the first yoga book of it 's kind to ever be printed , and it 's content is timeless and as relevant today as ever . mr. iyengar even had to struggle with his then publisher to be allowed to include so many photos , as it was so expensive in those days to print such a book . i say hats off to the man who brought yoga to the west long before it was ready . he 's a pioneer and a virtuoso of his craft , and his marvelous work should never be over overlooked just because it does n't come in some glossy package fit for the masses
i have n't completed the book yet , but so far have found it to be very insightful and enjoyable . it begins in genesis and continues from there hitting on the most commonly read bible sections to the not so often or seldom read sections . he ends everyday with a thought provoking question to think on through out the rest of your day . i always look for to the next reading
this book helped us understand what is happening with our 13 year old daughter and how to help her . it 's been a long process but having this book has given us encouragement , patience and positive steps so that she can move ahead in her life
this was perhaps the best of johannes steinhoff 's books , since it does not deal with his own stellar yet tragic ww ii and post war career . the insights of the average person living in germany are of great importance to both social and military historians alike . steinhoff offered this collective testament as a warning to all of us regarding war and the rise of a dictator . as johannes said in an interview , `` it is always the civilians who suffer the most , yet are remembered the least. & quot
i have not been able to put this book down since i received it . i have always dreamed of visiting italy , but until that time comes , i have been redecorating my home to reflect that dream . i now have a `` tuscan kitchen '' that makes me very happy to be in . i bought this book for new ideas , and also to confirm that the elements in my home already are the correct ones . i was thrilled to find these `` tuscan elements '' such as pottery , stones , tiles discussed throughout . and the photographs inspire me to pay attention to details . it 's all about the textures of the walls , the colors , how you display your ceramics ... .the pictures are beautiful . i may not get to italy any time soon , but this book helped bring my dream a little closer to home
this was actually the first kellerman novel i read and i found it kindof dull at first , but that 's only because i did n't know any of thesituations or people among whom i was thrust . after reading a coupleearlier books , i have re-read this one and i now find it interesting.so , i would really have to recommend that one tries to read the seriesmore or less in order.this one starts out with alex delaware seeing a new girlfriend namedallison . robin has married another man after some ten ( ? ) years withalex . [ i have n't read the one where she actually leaves yet ( unless thisis the first mention of it ) , but if she broke his heart ... ! ] see , ihad no idea who robin was first time i read this - makes a difference.the cuuuuute little dog named spike makes an appearance too . first timei read it , he was just an irritating little squirt , but now i know justhow adorable he can really be and it was nice seeing him again.alex 's police pal milo is a lieutenant now and can pick and choose hiscases . he and alex are together when they come across a grislycrime scene . a young couple has been brutally murdered and the woman can not even be identified . milo draws alex into the investigation and itgets complicated . everything seems to lead back to the dead boy'spsychologist and when she turns up murdered too , things really startcooking with gas ! i adore detective milo sturgis . i know alex is the star , but i can'thelp it . milo is such a great character
this commentary has many tremendous insights into the book of romans . romans is one of the richest resources of truth within the bible and john stoot does a good job of unpacking it . the book is written from a framework of the reader having a strong prior understanding of the scriptures . it is probably not considered a highly scholarly work , but it is not for the average reader to pick up for light reading either
the book `` communicating effectively '' is a home run ! the format invites an easy read with quick reference potential . building on the fundamentals of good communication lani takes us around the bases and adds authentic and practical ways of dealing with issues we all face . she brings us home again with new skills learned and a more effective game plan to approach the communication challenge
yo money . this book really puts it all into perspective . i like fish and gritts . after reading this book i can break doors and stuff . i am one with the universe . gard your gril
billy collins 's original voice is delightfully accessible , often blending comedy and solemnity in one poem , and always with something new to say . the playful tone of these poems can be misleading ; whether he is writing about eating a good plate of osso bucco or his favorite museum rooms , there is always a pathos lingering in the silence after the last line . most relieving is the absence of pretentiousness or haughty language . this is simply , as robert bly writes in his introduction to the best american poems of 1999 , collins 's skillful ability to `` bring the soul up close to the thing '' in every poem . books such as `` the art of drowning '' threaten to change the face and purpose of poetry in the 21st century . let 's hope there is plenty more to come from billy collins
a few of my favorite painters are contemporaries of still , so i saw it as my duty to see the hirschhorn exhibition . well , i picked a dead day and had the show to myself and simply put i am now a fan . the book is great and david anfam 's addition to the book is especially enlightening about the work of still
mill states here that he still believes traditional gender roles ( as we now call them ) are desirable , but , being john mill , he passionatly believes in the freedom of lifestyle choice for the individual . hard to argue with that
you will never look at these birds the same again - fansinating
it 's an educational book to read . my child and i like reading it together
a wonderful wonderful book.although the book was written some 150 year ago , mary eliza rogers takes you into the intimacies of daily life in palestine in the 1850 's as if it was occurring today . she writes from her heart with honesty , integrity and a clear mind . and although written at a time of victorian prejudicies and colonialism she writes without bias or judgement . from her beautiful and colourful descriptions one can envisage the holy land as it was before undergoing the process of modernisation and change . for anyone who has any attachment to this land it is a truly wonderful and personal experience to read this book
the working notes of this book are utterly staggering in their implication to ontology . what is being ? merleau answers in the manner of lao-tse , and alludes to something like a divine-feminine at the heart of wild perception . it was said by sartre in his autobiography `` situations '' that after merleau 's mother died who was like a `` goddess '' to him merleau returned began the project anew . what is intimated in the working notes is invaluable to the true student of philosophy and life . and in the end , merleau returns to the very object of his study . you can really feel this descent at the book nears its end . it is , however , an ascent of the entirety of the history of philosophy to a new level of comprehension . that i assure you
a quality photography book that visually recounts pertinent steps in the history of noir photography and more specifically , the creation of the term noir as it pertains to film and photography in the 20th c. in new york city . a breath of realism , history and fact that beautifully illustrates a fine curatorial example of the kinds of images published by the daily news that made this paper a forerunner in the telling of real stories suffered and celebrated by real people . william hannigan is to be commended for his fine selection of photographic and negative samples of a time not long past and still very alive in the movies and crime documents that inspire and fascinate us today . a necessary addition to any photo library of value
i 'm a big koontz fan and as is generally the case , i greatly enjoyed this story . it was a little strange but that 's to be expected from this author and genre . that said , it starts off fairly quickly and flows well through most of the book . it had the curious sense of near-division in that the book almost seemed to be separated into two distinct sections that were not , in my opionion , as well-connected as in many of koontz 's other books . in addition , the ending seemed a little hasty . thus i gave it four rather than five stars . that said , i would gladly recommend it to a friend as i would most any of this author 's work
if you love ludlum 's over-the-top novels ( and i do ) , the matarese circle has to be up there with the best . not all of ludlum 's books are a good match of plot and style -- the repeated `` oh my god ! '' declamations of one character after another can get silly when the goings-on are n't as riveting as they could be ( the two bourne sequels suffer from this problem , i think . ) but circle delivers on all fronts . part one is a masterpiece all by itself -- the intricate cat-and-mouse game between talienkov and scofield plays out thrillingly . and these are two of ludlum 's most believably drawn characters ; we feel empathy for both , and root for them to join forces from the get-go . antonia gravet , the inevitable gorgeous heroine/love interest who surfaces in part two , brings a well-crafted and believable backstory to the plot . one final bonus : some of ludlum 's zestiest minor characters appear in this book , adding to the fun in nearly every chapter .
this is the author 's presentation of the satipatthana sutra , the basic sutra on mindfullness . as in all of his works he does the work of a good dharma teacher very well . he keeps his own personality and teaching idiosyncrasies out of the way so that the student 's understanding can arise naturally . there are more elaborate and academic descriptions of the sutra available and more detailed descriptions of how to use the sutra in meditation . but this is good basic information presented in a good manner with no frills or personal quirks . the author gives a good commentary on the sutra and explains why he translates certain passages , but he also gives the alternate interpretations . this is a fine basic introduction to the central issue in vapassana meditation . highly recommended
this is a great book to have in your collection if you 're a fan of blues music and history . by far , it 's not the only book out there . there are a number of notable artists this book is missing . hopefully , future editions of this book will begin to fill some of the gaps . that being said , this is a very good reference just the same
like many of the other reviewers here have already stated , this is a book to be read by everyone ! i am not a reader of westerns but i loved this book . after 800 pages i was never so sad to see a book end . `` lonesome dove '' has a little of everything , drama , action , humor , and a few love stories to boot . there are few books that have made me laugh or cry like this book did . by the time your are done you will have new friends woodrow , pea eye , claire , lorena , but especially gus mccrea . and you will also have some new villains particularly the frightening blue duck . i ca n't recommend a book any more than this one
explodes upon the crime-detective scene . the hundreth man , his first book was excellent and the death collectors is as good and even better . ca n't wait for the next one ! why this is an amazon sale item befuddles me . but since it is , grab this bargain while you can because it is a terrific novel ! the psit team of lapd , carson ryder and harry nautilus are faced with a dual-time mystery . more than 30 years in the past , a serial killer with a following of mesmerized women who adore him , is killed in the courtroom the day he is sentenced.and now ; starting with the grizzly find of a murdered prostitute in a seedy motel room ... it seems as though the serial killer has risen from the dead to continue his reign of terror . each time a new murder surfaces the killer is a step ahead and just out of reach of carson and harry . the touch of subtle humor adds bas-relief without taking anything away from the thread of the story and lightens it tension for brief seconds at a time.perfect ! the murders are freakish ! disgusting ! brutal ! but the two psit detectives refuse to give up and what finally unravels the twisted cloth of this old/new mystery will knock you out of your chair.a truly masterfully plotted novel with two familiar and charismatic 'partners against crime ' . a series to follow and enjoy . get both of kerley 's books and double your pleasure ! try them , you 'll like them and you 'll love jack kerley . i promise ! !
this is a very interesting book , particularly on the early restrictionists . it gave me a new perspective on why americans restricted immigration in the early 20th century , and gave me historical insight into today 's immigration policy crisis
shadowbred by paul kemp is simply an excellent book . the story is incredibly engrossing , the atmosphere set for each scene is really top-notch , and the journey paul takes his character 's through is really incredible.we see personal demons and struggles of the heroes . struggles with faith , the journey of an anti-hero to a hero and whether he can really make this journey . the villains are equally deep and interesting and frankly human.if you are a fan of fantasy literature , definitely pick this one up - you wo n't regret it . as a side note , you might want to pick up the previous books by paul featuring erevis cale as well
this is a great book . well written and illustrated . this is one of the most hilarious children 's books i 've read to my child . we were laughing throughout the whole thing.i highly recommend this book to both children and adults
i really enjoyed this book . i could pore over the fashions , the interior decoration - it satisfied my desire to see all the details ! at the same time , i got a sense of the passage of time in virginia and vanessa 's lives . read as a companion to any of woolf 's novels , i think the book would also convey a sense of the writing process.it evokes the time and place beautifully , and the text is not intrusive : the images are allowed to take centre stage as works of art in their own right.fine choice , sweetpea
i was very impressed to find this very nice book . i 've heard about a quebecois who painted for the popular singer celine dion ( i 'm from quebec , canada myself ) , i wanted to see and i 'm very proud of it . huge ceilings and wonderful murals ! wow . felicitations
i think the most striking part of this book is that you feel comforted by the fact that the problems you 're facing in your own relationships are commonplace . they 're not dysfunctional . every family has its share of issues and you do n't need to feel overly guilty for yours . the book 's underlying theme is that families that honesty , consideration , character , belief and perhaps above everything else - resilience , can get you through the worst debacles and that at the end of the day it 's probably ( though not always ) worth the effort.stories include : resentment about controlling parents who appear to display conditional loving and also about appreciating how much of their lives parents sacrifice to bring the kids up ; the search for redemption after abandoning a kid or cheating on a wife , the courage required to break relationships that are dead and the perseverance required to bring one back from the dead ( and the effect on kids ) , dealing with the families of your in-laws and family objection to marriage , how to deal with kids who are falling into bad habits when you feel powerless to influence their decisions because they no longer respect you or listen to you , dealing with the death of a child , how we feel obligated to spend time with our families rather than actually wanting to spend time with them and what we are losing , etc.although it may seem that most people can not relate to these situations ... actually i felt an amazing amount of empathy for the families and came away with a renewed conviction that i can get the perfect family life ( with all it 's frustrations and headaches ) and balance it with everything.if you have any relationship , friendship that you have a certain amount of frustration , resignation about then i strongly recommend this book . it is one of those books that if it hits you at the right time - it could change your relationships and your life
well organized , understandable , and has a good index . associated web site also useful
this is a cute tale of of young girl fantasizing about an adventurous and unfettered life , not a bitter anti marriage tirade.her suiters are symbols of adult responsibility , which she will ultimately grow into . in the meantime , she is having a good time.the story is funny , the illustrations lively and colorful
in this book you get 35 projects/designs marked with skill levels needed for each project . the projects are mostly made with wire , but pearls are also used , in most of the projects.i would say that this is a book for you who has made jewelry before and are familiar to wirework . if so it is a wonderful book ! this book offer lots and lots of inspirasjon and expertise
i 'm not a huge fan of this genre of music , but as a very part-time musician , this book was recommended by a fellow friend and musician . i liked this book alot and found it education and entertaining , even if the subject matter was not of immense interest . this is definitely not the fault of the author , who did a fine job of making this subject engaging . thus , i found the read illuminating to no small degree . i learned alot about the roots of punk , how it spread and rose , and the end of it . by correctly defining the terms of the book `` the indie years '' , we only see what happens to the bands in their formative years . once they sign with a major label , their story is ended . this was both a good idea and frustrating one , as we see the birth and growth of bands , but not what happens to them ( in most cases ) once they hit a major label . frequently , signing with a major label creates/expands both the zeniths and nadirs for a band and i would have liked to have known what happened from there . regardless , this book is well-written and a great read for any person who likes the bands included in the book .
this book provides some brief but good background to set the context then proceeds to succinctly communicate those aspects of uml one really needs to know
although the photographs are dated , the material is classic . this book is a must for anyone who is involved with design or review of open spaces . it shows how people use open space and identifies the common elements of successful spaces . while the elements all seem logical , the book shows how we often fly in the face of logic when using these spaces . the book focuses primarily on plazas and small parks in new york city , but includes a section for smaller cities with low rise buildings . the information can also be applied to parks in any size town . this book is a facinating case study in social ecology
from the introduction of basic concepts such as likelihood ratios and predictive values to the simple table format with the always beautiful netter illustrations , this is the ortho exam text to have . i just hope the next edition is being planned to keep pace with new research . thank you to joshua cleland for putting this together for us
the miernik dossier was shockingly good . before this , i had never read anything by mccarry . in fact , i had never even heard the man 's name . i was lucky to come across a review of this re-issued work in a magazine . now i am collecting everything by him.the story follows an odd assortment of people , some of whom may or may not be intelligence agents , as they travel south through europe into africa . for the entire length of the book you will be wondering and guessing and probably changing your mind many times as to who is working against whom and trying to figure out if miernik is who he says he is . the writers of the dossier themselves seem to be unsure . in that sense the miernik dossier has similar elements to a mystery or detective novel , but yet it goes way beyond that . it is also a highly compelling character study , with each of the group drawn intricately by the author so that you come to know the characters . this makes it all the more suspenseful because these people who you seem to know or possibly identify with in some way may very well not be who you think they are.the miernik dossier is a highly entertaining read . true spy literature , in the vein of ashenden , that is enjoyable for those who enjoy spy stories , mysteries or simply great writing . i can not wait to read this book again
this book was amazing ! i 'm giving it to my dad for helping me through college ! great gift for parents and children !
kurzweil opens with a very heartfelt recounting of his return to judaism and his personal path which led him to rabbi steinsaltz . from there the chapters fly by effortlessly , partitioned in small chapters of which each is it 's own midrash , giving each of us something to reflect upon and discuss . this is for everyone who wants to know more about not only steinsaltz , but the beauty and wisdom of the jewish faith
in march 2006 , there are only three or four books that boast haskell in their titles . they are all excellent books . but the world can benefit from more haskell books . in fact , we are in need of such books , especially cs1 texts . this book is a pleasure to read . i suspect that even math haters will not find it hostile . anyone learning haskell will find the book and its companion web site a valuable resouce . on the web site , you will find the source code from the book , such as powerseries.hs . you can quickly play and experiment with it ; read and learn from it . i wish more books are as pleasant and affordable ( $ 25 )
smoothies are a quick snack pick-me-up , or a simple breakfast idea . do you crave a fruity , cool drink on a hot summer day ? want to add more fruit to your kid 's diet ? smoothies just might be your answer ! contained in this cute , colorful book are 50 recipes and full color photos of most recipes . also included at the end of the book is nutrient information with each recipe , and there is even a chapter on alcoholic smoothies . some of my favorites include : abc smoothie ( with apricot , coconut milk , & banana ) , starburst , cranzania , polynesian power punch , cookies & cream , raspberry cappuccino , and sunset sipper . enjoy !
the color tabs really help you know what section to look at . the only disadvantages of this field guide are that it does n't document every species in north america and that the new national geographic field guide to the birds of north america , fifth edition has the blue grouse split into the sooty and dusky grouse making it more up to date ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! still , this field guide has many good things .
as gifted a story teller as he is a veterinarian , james herriot has the rare ability to bring out every emotion known to the human race with a single magical flick of his pen . every living thing is without a doubt one of the crowning achievements of a master , and is possessed by a single , true trait that is difficult to find in many commercial books- every single tale is told straight from the heart . you will never fail to laugh at the hilarious tales and cry at the most poignant moments . if you 're an animal lover , or even just have a passing interest in animals , this is a book you will hold on to and re-read until the end of your days . kudos , james herriot , you are very much missed
as a long time admirer of art and a first time beginner of actually tapping my artistic well , this text is like having a private mentor guiding you through specific progressive exercises . it 's language is quaint and cozy to modern ears , having first been written in 1856 . but it is practical , clear and encouraging . it dispells the idea that only certain people can draw . and by focussing on drawing with pencil , it provides the foundation for using any other media . a wonderful find
dr. amen has changed my life and the lives of several members of my family . the stigma associated with mental illness is deep-seated and difficult to overcome . understanding the root causes , particularly the genetic predisposition within families , is the indispensable first step in coming to grips with dealing with life-long problems . these problems are often not adequately addressed via behavior modification or cognitive therapies because they get the cart before the horse : they do not deal with the biological root causes . once those are dealt with , the learned behaviors and habitual patterns can be peeled away to create a whole new start on life . however , without the understanding of the causes and types of underlying brain conditions , one is often doomed to the roll the rock up the same hill only to see it roll down again as we watch . take my advice . if the brain pattern descriptions look all too familiar , get help as recommended . you will become a new person , the one you were created to be . and that is a wonderful thing
we have used this book as a text for discrete math courses in our undergraduate computing engineering and systems program ( university of los andes , colombia ) . there are a lot of advantages using this approach instead of the classical one ( e.g. , people really learn to prove and learn to write correct proofs ) . however , to grasp these ideas you have to be patient and open minded . when other reviewers give 1 star to the book it is clear for me that perhaps they were expecting something magical that did not occur . this presentation of logic and its applications to informatics provides an excellent way to learn and really use the knowledge in the praxis . in chapter 8 you go seamlessly from propositional to higher order logic . sums and logical quantifications are , for example , treated in an uniform way . maybe the type concept is not so fine explained , but one has to remember that this is an introductory book.5 stars , of course
being a flight attendant myself and looking through the skymall magazine countless times on long flights i can tell you ... this book is amazing . i have never laughed so hard from a book all my life . i really want to get another one and put it in the crew lounge . i 'm sure the flight crews will get a kick out of it :
i guess in this book you can see both the good qualities of ayn rand as well as some of her non-desirable traits . good gateway book before tackling on the big and long atlas shrugged
pictures via camera reflect not only what the photographer sees , but what he thinks about . the most successful reflect an understanding of things as much as their image , and jerry thompson 's exploration of the relationship between seeing and thinking in truth and photography provides a set of fine duotone photos to illustrate essays reflecting on working photography experiences
this is the best book . i was writing a book about my son who has si dysfunction . he is 23 years old now . i was in barnes and noble looking for another book when i found this . i was blown away . i never knew there was a book like this . i could have really used this book when marcus was little . it is so wonderful . i opened it and started reading about my son . my book is called what 's wrong with my child ? struggling with sensory integration dysfunction . it is only a mother 's story of how my child coped with this thing . it is not meant to be a book like carol stock kranowitz 's . her book is wonderful . anyone who has any questions about their child who has si dysfunction . this book is it . shelly r. wilso
i love this book ! it is a terrific blend of hand-holding and concrete advice for writers . each chapter takes the writer/reader through the tough questions we face when we sit down to write : how do we begin ? where do ideas come from ? is there a ritual we can create that will help us begin ? i like the fact that i could use this book as a resource . in other words , i did not have to read it cover to cover . rather , it truly serves as a guide , a mentor 's guide , that can serve me as i continue to write . i really liked the movie section , where cathleen rountree uses movies to make points about the writing process . i found those sections inspirational and useful . if you want to be a writer or if you are already writing , i urge you to buy this book
this will be a present for my nephew george 's 37th birthday . he lovedcurious george as a child , and still does . it 's wonderful how someonecarries a love for a childhood toy , book , etc . throughout their life.such an individual eternally has a special spot in their heartkudos to amazon for providing the book for $ 5.00 under market price .
i am an author and journalist and i have to say this is the best novel i have ever read . true to the word `` haunting .
i think that the beginning of the book was the worst part . he started by telling us that he was leaving and was n't going to tell anyone . he did n't even say goodbye to a lady friend . so he tells us that he 's leaving and then he goes back into the past . back when he was a little kid . he tells about different experiances . how he had to stay in bed for almoxt five years . he tells about all the troubles that his family went through . the end was the best part . i usually hate the endings but this one was good.this bool is meant for older people who like english books . or is it ireland . i think it was set in irelan
as other reviewers have stated , ludlum passed away at the time of the publication of this novel . unfortunately , we may never know what other voice has been mingled with ludlum 's to complete this tale . honestly speaking , i believe this to be the case because the story is actually better than i have come to expect from ludlum . no disrespect intended , but i feel this work is actually above his standard.there is certainly a few moments of unbelievable plotting and characterization , but who cares when the ride is such a rip . at first you think you 're reading a typical espionage thriller and eventually come to realize it 's more than that , much more . for new world order conspiracy fans you 're in for a treat . ludlum et al 's take on an old plot is so fresh and intrigueing you are left speechless . i 'll just say this , if you have ever wondered if the nazi 's survived wwii you will really wonder after reading the sigma protocol . god help us if there 's any truth to this plot
a well-crafted comprehensive look at the role of islam in turkey . the book offers some original and compelling explanations regarding the social transformation that turkey has experienced since the 1980s . specifically , the author mentions the role of opportunity spaces in the evolution of islamic movements and ideas as a result of economic and political liberalization.i think anyone who is interested in turkey , islamic movements , and the relationship between islam and modernity would get a great deal out of this book
having had the delight of living in st. andrews and traveling over most of scotland playing golf , allan 's book is the best i have seen , by far , for describing the reality of golf , travel , and living in scotland . he sugarcoats nothing , his opinion mirrors mine , and he is interested is ensuring his readers know exactly what to expect and know exactly how to best user their time and travel dollars . even with my scottish experience and contacts , his book is my golf/travel in scotland bible .
what a great account of the nations oldest law enforcement agency . the book is full of information about the marshals service , it 's mission , and it 's history . you 'll also get to know some interesting personalities in the marshals service along the way . i am a deputy sheriff myself , as well as a history buff . from that perspective , i throughly enjoyed this book and could n't put it down . mr. sabbag , thanks for a great look into the world of the u.s . marshals . and as for deputy u.s . marshal victor oboyski - i 'd be happy to `` do a door '' with you anytime
this book is important for every one who has a back `` issue '' . given 5 as gifts to loved one 's experiencing back pain
i ran into this book accidentally while doing some research . instead of glancing through it , i ended up reading the whole book . i just could n't put it off . content wise , the book does n't bring me many `` light bumb moments '' . however , i find it extremely well written rhetorically . while the book is easy to read , it is literarily graceful . i 'd suggest everyone to read it -- just to enjoy the beauty of language
this book of eight stories by virginia woolf shows virginia 's mind at work demonstrating her `` stream of consciousness . '' each story flows from one thought to another asking different questions about life . for example , `` the mark on the wall '' questions the meaning of life and existence . `` an unwritten novel '' is about what people hide and what you do n't know about a person you seat next to on an `` omnibus . '' all these stories will make you look at life in a slightly different way
what can i say ? more spidey than you can shake a stick at for peanuts . if you ever wished you had the patience to cut out and neatly collect all the sunday paper comics in a nice neat scrap book then this is the book for you . i 'm planning on buying the lot and thoroughly enjoying my strolls down memory lane
americans who ca n't name five poets will name allen ginsberg . in this case , that is good since he was one of america 's greatest poets . this book attest to this . i write this review to show disappointment in the publisher who continues to publish the collected works on the cheapest paper next to newsprint . for the next edition , i would like to see , at least in limited edition , a volume printed on quality paper which could last more than a few years before turning yellow . ginsbergs deserves better treatment
i 'm writing this before reading the whole book but its a collection of articles so the different chapters are discrete units under a common theme of the economies of the arab world with a good deal on the economies of their oil producing gcc members.reading this book more than twenty years after it was published is fascinating as so many of the issues and repercussions mentioned have either come true or held true and the state of the region has not improved considerably but even regressed in many cases.consider the following excerpt from the book that i found interesting : '' the oil states today face tremendous challenges , as oil revenues start to decline . few expected that the decline would come so soon . everybody knew it would come , but it was expected later rather than sooner . `` this is almost like seeing history repeat itself in real time.worth a look if you 're interested in the field
this fantastic re-imagining of the avengers is best consumed in this form . yes there are too many pop culture references , yes the hulk is a little goofy and the ultimate nick fury has virtually nothing in common with his regular universe counterpart but i think once your done with this gigantic , thirteen issue epic powerhouse you wont have much left to complain about . this story arc takes the alternate universe avengers from their creation to their first major victory , ill let someone else spoil it for you but its good . the second volume is juuuust about complete as of november 2006 and is pretty amazing as well . this is the best that the ultimate universe has to offer , is one of the few titles exploring fairly original ideas and has not been reworked specifically to appeal to teenagers , no inline skates , teen angst , or first love in this one . millar and hitch are a great creative team but their ability to make deadlines is positively absurd . these thirteen issues took the better part of three years to be released and i read every one of those issues as it was released on the news stand . my wife got her msw in the time it took the skrull war to unfold , it sucked and the new series isnt much better . thankfully it has only one issue to go , hopefully well get it before theres a new president in the whitehouse . removed from the delays the series is a pretty impressive achievement , the art is top notch and the story is positively crackin ! yes it 's `` just '' a super hero comic but its one of the best , so if you like the medium and are lucky enough not to have read it yet do yourself a favor and check it out , and keep an eye out for the second series hardcover
this book provides fascinating details of what life was like for children in colonial america : how they played , what their education was like , what they wore , etc . the information is drawn from such primary sources as letters , journals and school primers . there are a number of pictures as well . i recommend it
a very intense book on print making . a must have book for serious artists , who want to expand in their field . lots and lots of contacts in back of book maiking it easy to find anyone you need for print making ! a
i have purchased several biological coloring books in the past and use them all regularly in my 7th grade life science classroom . adolescents still need color and they learn as they are doing it ! this is just another fantastic resource for me to use with them . now that our state standards have changed and include evolution in more detail , i am certain that this will be very valuable
good basic book , bringing back points i had been taught , and a few new to me . price most reasonable .
this dark tragi-comedy resonates with the dramatic potential of hamlet , but and edge particular to jacobean drama . a play which is still relevant today ( many students related it to `` the godfather '' ) , and brimming with cinematic violence , lust , deception , vengence , and , with all this , communicated through beautiful poetry
once i got super glue on my fingers and i tried everything ! ! and i could'nt get it of so i got out the book and it gave me the soultion
according to charles kimball , religion is the most powerful and pervasive force on earth . religion inspires humans to transcend their self-interests , while at the same time , more evil has been committed in the name of religion than any other human institution . using a comparative religious approach , kimball uncovers five warning signs that increase the likelihood of a religion becoming unhealthy or evil.kimball argues the word ` religion ' is amorphous and difficult to define . as a result , the author believes a comparative religious methodology is necessary , one that sees the similarities and interconnectedness of all religions . kimball , next , asks if religion is the cause of evil , and he answers both yes and no . a religion that is arrogant , condescending , and requires adherents to `` disconnect their brain '' is problematic . on the other hand , religion opens up humanity to a universe of purpose and beauty and teaches how to live meaningful and moral lives as individuals and in community . kimball seeks to discover the signs that increase the likelihood of religion becoming evil . the first warning sign that religion is displaying tendencies towards evil is the belief and adherence to absolute truth claims . when conceptualizations of god are held with certainty and rigid doctrine , the propensity towards evil increases dramatically . sacred texts , sources of wisdom and guidance , become abused when selective readings of the text are used to reinforce these absolute truth claims . christianity and islam have missionary mandates , but these become imperialistic when conversion is forced because of absolute truth claims . kimball argues for a `` human view of truth '' , one that is dynamic and relational , allowing adherents to affirm truth without solidifying truth claims into absolute propositions.another pivotal point when religion becomes evil is blind obedience : when adherents abdicate personal responsibility to religious authorities . when a charismatic leader demands total obedience , has unrestricted power , and has total control , religion is unhealthy . uncritical acceptance of doctrine is also unhealthy , as authentic religion encourages questions and reflection . strict segregation from the larger society , combined with a leader with unlimited power is dangerous . kimball asserts that religious inquiry and freedom of thought are necessary for responsible religious adherence.every religious tradition believes that something is awry on earth , while some believe that an ideal time will arrive in the future . when adherents believe they can speak for god and wish to usher in this time , the likelihood for disaster increases . many muslims embrace the hope for an all islamic society , zealous jewish settlers dream of a time when israel will be returned to its divinely promised status , and the christian religious right believe that america should be politically structured with christian principles in mind . kimball opines those who narrowly define temporal structures of the state and those who believe they are god 's agents to usher in a theocracy are dangerous.religion also becomes a force for evil when the ends justify any means : when one theological component gets elevated , thus becoming an end , and adherents become consumed with achieving or protecting this end . all religions have notions of sacred space , but an unhealthy religion becomes obsessed with protecting this space . reinforcing or protecting group identity against an ` other ' , or protecting group identity from within the group , are also potentially dangerous signs . institutional structures develop in all religious traditions , but corruption occurs when the protection of the institution becomes the end . kimball asserts that a healthy religion preserves the connection between means and ends.the last warning sign occurs when religious leaders believe their struggle is a `` holy '' war . kimball outlines the history of pacifism to the just war theory and crusader ideals within christianity , and he shows how each of these views were represented in the gulf war of 1990-91 . islam is a peaceful religion , which asks adherents to build a just and peaceful social order . the word jihad means `` struggling in the way of god , '' but in a narrower sense jihad is understood as a struggle in a military sense - with rules similar to the christian just war theory . because of socio-economic disparities , some muslims openly advocate violent means to achieve revolutionary ends , and some leaders declare this revolution as a holy war in order to legitimize their cause . kimball believes both that christian and muslim adherents should not speak of war but of peace and that the call for holy war is not holy.with the knowledge of when religion becomes evil , religions have a clear understanding of healthy praxis . faith , hope , and love should be the guiding spiritual compass for all religious adherents , so that in times of conflict unhealthy religious mechanisms can be averted . against secularism , kimball finds validity in religious traditions because of the time-tested wisdom and ethical standards , and he believes that religions should embrace religious diversity . with religious diversity christians have three options , exclusivism , inclusivism , and pluralism , but kimball believes each position has value if adherents from different faiths work together for the common good of humanity . finally , the middle east represents a microcosm for the world community : if peaceable solutions are not found in the arab-israeli-palestinian conflict , then the future for the world community and world religions are bleak
a wonderful book . you will meet many charming cats on your jounrey here that will stay with you forever . although this book is only 150 pages , it took me a long time to read it . while many things made me smile or laugh out loud , far too many things made me cry and i had to stop reading and set it aside for awhile . i often wondered if i could even finish it , but i am glad that i did . it is a book that truly touches the heart .
arrogance by bernard goldberg is a truly enjoyable read . goldberg does n't waste time trying to create a vast left wing conspiracy tied to islam or communism , he just presents the facts as he sees them . as a former insider , he 's got the dirt on media bigwigs , and he 's not afraid to dish . the liberal bias in the news is causing many people to flee the big three networks and turn on cable to find an escape . goldberg offers up several examples of this bias and then goes further by coming up with several suggestions ( some tongue in cheek ) for correcting this slant . he also includes surprisingly frank interviews with tim russert and bob costas . goldberg 's other books bias and 100 people who are screwing up america are also excellent reads . he does n't attack people on a personal level ( although you can tell he has a bit of a grudge against dan rather ) or use hyperbole or vitriol to get his point across . some books written with a conservative slant make you want to throw up your hands and give up on this country , but goldberg 's books do n't have that effect . you can tell he not only loves the country he lives in , but also the profession that he 's chosen , and he has hope for the future .
i have to say that this book is fantastic- step by step photographs for each garnish . i just made a crab out of a cucumber in 5 minutes !
this was an amazing read . i could n't put it down.if you like csi , then you will love this books . the forensics are very interesting . you would never guess who the killer is ! i was totally shocked when i got to the end
i 've read a lot of books on real estate sales , but this books is my favorite . jim remley offers comon sense ideas that are easy to implement and are being used by real agents . everyone should read this book .
why read a book from 1857 which flopped so badly as commercial literature that melville stopped writing and ended his career as a customs official ? because this book masterfully explores the entire nature of trust , confidence and cons . though the setting is a riverboat on the mississippi river just before the u.s. exploded into civil war , its insights cross cultural boundaries . this is not an easy book to read for several reasons . first , it is undoubtedly one of the first `` post-modern '' novels which breaks from traditional narrative storytelling . ( another example : dostoevsky 's notes from the underground . ) the confidence-man is a collection of 45 conversations between various people on the riverboat -- beggars , absurdly dressed frontiersmen , sickly misers , shysters , patent medicine hucksters , veterans ( of the mexican-american war ) and the `` hero '' in the latter part of the book , the cosmopolitan . in typical melville fashion , you also get asides -- directly to the reader , in several cases , as if melville felt the need to address issues of fiction outside the actual form of his novel . the lack of structure , action and conclusion make this a post-modern type book , but if you read each conversation as a separate story , then it starts to make more sense . for what ties the book together is not a story but a theme : the nature of trust and confidence . in a very sly way , melville shows how a variety of cons are worked , as the absolutely distrustful are slowly but surely convinced to do exactly what they vowed not to do : buy the `` herbal '' patent medicine , buy shares in a bogus stock venture , or donate cash to a suspect `` charity . '' in other chapters , it seems like the con artist is either stopped in his tracks or is conned himself . since the book is mostly conversations , we are left to our own conclusions ; there is no authorial voice wrapping up each chapter with a neatly stated ending . this elliptical structure conveys the ambiguous nature of trust ; we do n't want to be taken , but confidence is also necessary for any business to be transacted . to trust no one is to be entirely isolated . melville also raises the question : is it always a bad thing to be conned ? the sickly man seems to be improved by his purchase of the worthless herbal remedy , and the donor conned out of his cash for the bogus charity also seems to feel better about himself and life . the ornery frontiersman who 's been conned by lazy helpers softens up enough to trust the smooth-talking employment agency owner . is that a terrible thing , to trust despite a history of being burned ? the ambuiguous nature of the bonds of trust is also explored . we think the cosmopolitan is a con-man , but when he convinces a fellow passenger to part with a heavy sum , he returns it , just to prove a point . is that a continuance of the con , or is he actually trustworthy ? the book is also an exploration of a peculiarly american task : sorting out who to trust in a multicultural non-traditional society of highly diverse and highly mobile citizens . in a traditional society , things operate in rote ways ; young people follow in their parents ' traditional roles , money is made and lent according to unchanging standards , and faith/tradition guides transactions such as marriage and business along well-worn pathways . but in america , none of this structure is available . even in melville 's day , america was a polyglot culture on the move ; you had to decide who to trust based on their dress , manner and speech/pitch . the con , of course , works on precisely this necessity to rely on one 's senses and rationality rather than a traditional network of trusted people and methods . so the con man dresses well and has a good story , and an answer for every doubt.the second reason why melville is hard to read is his long , leisurely , clause upon clause sentences . but the book is also peppered with his sly humor , which sneaks up on you ... well , just like a good con .
i decided to read this on a flight to indiana from ny . i managed to complete the book on the return . it is a quick read , not a self help book , more about merton and nouwen finding their true self as well as the author 's road to becoming a jesuit . i think we all want to find our true self , but not all can and some never attempt to . martin stresses the importance of finding our true self in order to achieve happiness that comes from within
the title of this book is rather deceptive in that you certainly do n't need to be adventurous or daring to find this book helpful . i do sedate landscapes and found his book an excellent guide . basically , if you do the least bit of original design in your work - altering an element or two , changing colors around - or if you do whole original works ( but have n't actually gone to art school ) this book is extremely useful . it covers the basics of design and color with a focus on the embroiderer or fiber artist . you can do all the suggested activities in the book in order as a complete design course , or pick and choose sections as needed . if you wonder why some of your works look great and others look , well , not as great , this book is for you
thirty five years ago my high school ( thomas jefferson , in federal way , washington ) held annual competitions in mathematics . they did it in the form of a test that came bound in a small white booklet , just was a few pages long . there were n't many questions , perhaps a dozen or two ( usually in the form of story problems ) , but they required deep thought and concentration ( at least for me ) . i still remember the feeling of excitement and trepidation as i took the `` white book '' and opened it to the first problem . several hours later i 'd consider myself accomplished if i 'd managed to completely answer more than half the questions . ian stewart 's book reminds me of those tests . here 's a sampling of what 's inside:1 ) mrs. anne-lida worm decides she wants a new couch , and tells mr . worm to get it for her , while she goes shopping for a new tight for baby wermintrude . but anne-lina does n't want just any couch . she wants the biggest possible couch that can be carried down the hall in their house , and around the 90-degree hall at the end . what shape does the couch have , and how big is it ? this is a truly riveting story . will mr . worm solve the couch problem in time ? 2 ) alberto wants to conduct tests on grapes , evaluating the influence of different soils . he wants to conduct experiments to see how different soils and exposure to the sun affects the quality of wine . his land is on a hillside , though , which is narrow , so he can plant only three varieties of grape on each plot of land . how can he arrange things so that he tests all seven varieties of grapes when they are arranged so that each plot contains exactly three different species , where any two plots have exactly one variety in common , and any two varieties lie in exactly one common plot ? sixteen chapters make up this book . though their titles are whimsical , the mathematical problems are n't . some are still unsolved . even though these problems fit in what would probably be called recreational mathematics , they are fiendishly cleaver with solutions , and developed insight along the way , that are at once challenging and rewarding . here 's a sample of some of other topics discussed in stewart 's book : how might one transport a lion , llama , and head of lettuce in a boat , across a lake , without leaving any two species where one might eat the other in the absence of a caretaker ? how can you calculate the temperature and entropy of a curve ? how can one even talk sensibly about a curve having temperature and entropy in the first place ? suppose that you need to tile a room , and the tiles come in odd shapes . is there anyway to know if the tiling problem has a solution ? can mathematics tell us things about evolution , such as whether or not evolution comes gradually or in spurts ( or both ) ? this is a fun , lighthearted book , but the mathematical problems and puzzles it discusses will really make you think . i enjoy reading as i exercise on my elliptical machine . i get double the sense of accomplishment when i can read and workout at the same time . ordinarily , i can estimate how long i 've been on the machine by how many pages i 've read - 20 pages in 40 minutes is about average . but with stewart 's book i had to be careful . several times i found that i 'd worked out for an hour and only managed to cover half-a-dozen pages or so . if you love mathematics , particularly mathematical puzzles , then this is a book you 'll really enjoy . it has many problems for the reader , with answers at the back of each chapter . if you do the problems and understand everything in the book , in detail , it will occupy many hours of your time . all in deep thought and utter enjoyment .
of all of willard 's books , this one was my favorite . willard offers a systematic study of the nature of being , and then proposes a pragmatic approach to setting the hear back on course to purity and submission to god . a human being , he says ( p. 30 ) , is composed of thought , feeling , choice , body , social context and soul . he states plainly ( p. 41 ) , `` it is the central point of this book that spiritual transformation only happens as each essential dimension of the human being is transformed to christlikeness under the direction of a regenerate will interacting with the constant overtures of grace from god . such transformation is not the result of mere human effort and can not be accomplished by putting pressure on the will ( heart/spirit ) alone . '' fundamental to this project is first dying to self , taking up the cross , and living in self-denial ( chapter 4 ) . we must then go through a process like learning a new language . the general steps he summarizes in the acronym vim : vision , intention , means ( p. 85 ) . these are a vision for kingdom life , the will to do it , and the means to carry it out.the rest of the book is structured around a look at the transformation of the mind ( chapters 6-7 ) , will ( 8 ) , body ( 9 ) , social context ( 10 ) , and the soul ( 11 ) . the work of the mind involves being cognizant of the ideas and feelings that drive our society and our personal lives . instead we should be renewed with love , joy , and peace in the inner life . the work of the will involves surrendering our will to god 's , and then moving from abandonment to contentment . here the spiritual disciplines bring to light our duplicity on these matters . the work of the body means realizing the over-emphasis we place on it and the need to cease idolizing and misusing our bodies . the work of our social context involves noting the use of assault and withdrawal that characterizes our relationships ( p. 181 ) . lastly , the work of the soul , which willard defines as the unifying factor of them all , is best summarized in psalm 1 . we are to be renewed into new beings who happily fulfill the law of god.again , i said this was my favorite of willard 's works . i 'm not sure any of the rest of them so thoroughly transcend from the theological to the practical without missing a step . the systematic study of human nature is all-inclusive . he lays out a blueprint of a kingdom vision of what the human being ( emphasis on being ) is . the very nature of humanity , from the state in which we find it to the place it is supposed to be , is spelled out here . the enormity of the work is amazing for such a readable text
i work for a dept . with the state government and grote 's comprehensive performance management system was implemented several years ago . it works . takes the indecision and inconsistency out of perform . mgt . this text is excellent . i found that it was easy to read and to apply . we also use grote 's discipline without punishment ( dwop ) system also . i recommend his book of the same title also . excellent system .
never be sick again offers a major breakthrough in medical thinking regarding health and disease . i am a biochemist doing medical research at ucla . a friend gave me this book to read , and i was very skeptical . after reading it , i could n't stop thinking about what it was saying . i even lost sleep thinking about it . after many weeks , i have come to a conclusion - the author is right . there is only one disease and there are only two causes of disease - revolutionary ! once you understand this simple concept , it changes everything . if your mind is not closed to new ideas , the profound insights in this book will change your life for the better . it will give you the power to both prevent and reverse almost all disease . with this new understanding , from now on , i will approach my research in an entirely different way . c.l
i learned a lot about this history . was useful for the papers that we had to do in class
my daughter at u of m got me interested in the rwandan crisis and was just vacationing in canada and picked up this book by a canadian general who was leading the un effort in rwanda during the genocide and what a tragedy this was and remains . i didnt walk away thinking this guy was a great general but he had the guts and the commitment to right to stay in spite of the ineptitude of the united nations and cofi anan who was in a key role at the time . the tragedy of what the free world stood by and let happen is nearly unsurpassed , probably only by the jews extermination in wwii . if you have any interest in the world happenings and think you have faith in the united nations just buy this and read it - we need change .
i love these type of memoirs . a person who is not boasting about their skill or having an attitude . simply shares the love of his work and love of his county . all of james herriot 's books are wonderfull . i was introduced to the children 's books a few years ago and just recently started reading his memoirs . love it , some parts were a bit dry but the books still flowed well and drew you back . love the depth of scenery and anicdotes about the area . recommend any book of his
expect everyone to maintain a peaceful hush as you read this book aloud . a sense of serenity permeates through the words and is perfectly matched by the illustrations . the imagery captures your senses and the story pulls at your heartstrings . grandfather twilight is an endearing character that makes you feel warm and safe . this wonderful book is sure to appeal to all ages ( preschool to an older adult ) . and , it is n't just for bedtime either .
i 've had this book since 1997 and i still refer to it for ideas . it has such a unique and diverse pictorial on each page by 'grand ' and 'credible ' photographers . for anyone who takes pictures ... likes pictures ... this book is a must get for you . i have it on my coffee table and i get rave comments on it all of the time about what a great book it is
my 8 year old daughter brought this book home from her school library and was excited by many of the projects . from a parent 's point of view it was great to have a book with achievable craft projects which yield items the child can be proud of and parents will happily display . i 'm ordering it now
when i was 21 and in my first year of graduate school , paul fussell 's `` poetic meter and poetic form '' was one of the first text books assigned to me . when i bought the book and saw how slim it was , i snickered , `` grad school 's gon na be a walk in the park ! '' yeah , right ! this densely packed tome is not for the uninitiated and definitely not absorbed in just one reading . on and off , over the last 20 years , i have come back to this book to refresh my memory and , usually , to astonish myself . the book 's real strength , besides professor fussell 's obvious command of his subject , and his ability to convey that command , is in the sprinkling of dozens of anecdotes by and about poets about other poets and poetry . even at this late date in my life , i ca n't pretend to understand the entire book but what i do understand i admire and respect . `` poetic meter and poetic form '' is not recommended to anyone studying poetry ; it is urgently required
this is ann waldron 's best mcleod dulaney mystery yet . the characters are so lively and well-drawn they literally walk right off the page ( and , in some cases , right into your heart ) . the setting -- the princeton theological seminary -- is perfect ( a perfect place for a murder , that is ) , and the plot is downright diabolical . are you in the mood for some humorous , mysterious and sinfully well-written fun ? then do yourself a favor and read this delightful book
i am currently in psychology for the third time , ( due to it had been too long between college classess ) i think the book is informative and not too hard to read ( if you have too !
a pathbreaking work in women 's history and the history of deviancy , this book argues ( if not entirely convincingly ) for a new interpretation of the history and relationship of girl delinquents and women reformers . odem traces the history of middle class women reformers towards sexual delinquency by young girls through the particularly rich case history of los angeles county . noting the diverse cultures in l.a. ( white , working class , hispanic , african-american ) odem argues that many girls who became labeled `` wayward '' were acting out against oppressive and repressive families who held old-fashioned and patriarchal views of girls ' sexuality . odem also explores the eventually oppressive route that reformers took in `` retraining '' wayward girls
this is the best invertebrate zoology textbook on the market , perhaps the best ever written . the authors are not content to merely present in fine detail the classification , anatomy , physiology , behavior , and ecology of invertebrates , they present alternative interpretations and controversial opinions where these topics are concerned . in that way , invertebrate zoology comes alive as an active , important , and relevant field of study for understanding the ecology and evolutionary relationships of these organisms in a global setting . i highly recommend this book for a course of study or as a reference for earth science instructors who wish to solidify and deepend their knowledge and understanding of invertebrates
peck relates growing up in rural/small town vermont with a best friend who gets him into lots of trouble . humor and pranks abound in between lessons learned
this cookbook has become one of my favorites . i grew up in se texas , and once i moved away , no mexican food could compare . now i have the understanding on what differeintiates tex-mex and mexican food . the recipes are exact and delicious . i love the pictures , the stories and most of all the inspiration to cook my favorite meals ! its definately a book for any tex mex lover , i highly reccomend it . just try and sit and read it and not have your mouth water
this massive volume encloses most of the major theorists in criticsm and theory , this book is essential reading for literary theorists and those people who are interested in reading the original texts of the greatest thinkers in history
this is for sure a great book , if you have the ability to concentrate for more than five minutes , unlike the majority of the herd , in mean people , of today . if your intrest lies in the substance of this book , read some other review , i 'm only going to tell you that , the ( 1909 ) publication , stinks ; the so called book , is more like a oversized magizine , and the print is about the size of a footnote in the bible
i took my last science course about 40 years ago and had forgotten how interesting science can be . this book is not light reading and some people will probably not get past the first few pages but i really enjoyed it . i found tons of new information on mushrooms in spite of the fact that i studied mushrooms in college ( until my father decided science was not for girls and convinced me to go to law school . yep , those were the good old days . ) you will enjoy it as long as you take into account that it is a scientific book , perfect for geeks
another solid text from our friend sensei demura . this is part of his popular set on okinawan weaponry and well worth the cost . portrayed in the book is weapon history , basic stances , grips , blocks and strikes . demura also covers self defense applications against many various attacks . for all karate and kobudo students i would reccomend this book
i will start this review by noting two things . i greatly appreciated nussbaum 's 'upheavals of thought ' , and i am uncomfortable with the way sex sits in the society i live in . ( but , then , i recognise things in myself that - for good or bad - change my perspective from that of the society i am embedded in . ) but wedekind 's play 'springtime awakening ' should raise alarm bells for most of us . we are sexual beings ( most of us anyway ) and we have to deal with that - learn to accept it within ourselves , learn to share it with others ( it is , of course , the quintessential sharing experience ) , learn to grow with it , learn to let it go ... . the easy path to take is to grasp a social 'norm ' and follow it regardless of the morality of that path . societies do present many 'norms ' to a young person developing sexual awareness but not all of these are equally desirable . if nussbaum 's book does nothing else but diminish the acceptability of some of the undesirable 'norms ' , and enhance the more socially responsible ones it will have achieved a great service . there are curious things in this book for me . nussbaum refers to many sources but many of them are male - aristotle , seneca , js mill , dh lawrence ... . to be fair , the last chapter is about 'to the lighthouse ' by virginia woolf , and other writers such as andrea dworkin are prominent . however i was surprised that some powerful women writers are totally ignored - where is mary wolstonecraft , where is emma goldman , where is mary shelley ? why is 'maurice ' ( forster ) referred to but not 'the well of loneliness ' ( hall ) ? the chapter on female genital mutilation ( fgm ) is an appalling indictment on the behaviour of some societies . nussbaum has a glancing reference to circumcision ; not surpringly it is glancing for someone who was converted ( so i read ) to judaism . while i would never compare what happens to baby boys with what happens to young women in severity or risk , nevertheless i think the motivations for both practices come from the same source . if , for cultural ( religious ) reasons it is appropriate for jewish boys to be circumcised , i think it is a very dangerous position to take to expect other societies to abandon the practices they see as legitimate , if not mandatory . the chapter on equity and mercy impressed me immensely - it is so balanced i expect many feminists will hate it . but for me , her rare use of a christian quote ( 'forgive them , for they know not what they do . ' ) was a revelation . never before had i seen how compromised that plea is . ( compare with tolstoy : 'it is a wonderful thing to be loved because of oneself , but it is a far more wonderful thing to be loved in spite of oneself . ' ) the fact that often i have other feelings than nussbaum expresses does not concern me , because she often has perspectives that broaden or hone my own thoughts . in the chapter on prostitution and its illegality i had to agree with most of what she writes simply from a libertarian point of view rather than one of morality . the morality issues are complex - perhaps irresolvably complex . just as there are men with 'dangerous ' sexuality , so there are women . perhaps it 's only an issue for men because they demand or expect control . for me , all of nussbaum 's discussions seem to centre on the effects on women that prostitution entails - this is not inappopriate even though it may not be balanced . the problem i see with prostitution is that it panders to the man 's 'need ' to have sex . they can get it on demand . this reduces their sensitivities to the needs of the women in their lives , including the need ( wise or not ) for a woman to have a faithful partner . in australia we had an advisor on women 's affairs to the federal government write a piece in a newspaper where she expressed the view - based on her own practice - that a woman should always make sure her husband knew where the red light district was in a city they were visiting , so he could satisfy his 'need ' when she herself felt incapable . for me this is an appalling suggestion - as if men can not have self-control and should not be expected to . but , for all of that , like nussbaum i would not see prostitution as worthy of being made illegal.for me this was a thought-provoking read . it had some incredibly ugly things to describe , to consider . but it helped me to structure my thoughts in this difficult area - perhaps it will help me guide my boys as they reach maturity . other recommendations : 'springtime awakening ' - wedekind 'the well of loneliness ' - radclyffe hall ( i hated the outcome of this ) 'matilda ' - mary shelley ( her biographical details are worth exploring too ) 'godwin on wollstonecraft ' - william godwin ( mary shelley 's father ; mary wollstonecraft was her mother ) 'upheavals to thought ' - nussbaum 'living my life ' - emma goldman 'let me alone ' - anna kavan 'conditions of love ' - john armstrong
if you 're only slightly interested in the ways the evolution works , then this is it . but beware to have some knowledge about the basics of evolution before moving on to this book . there 's a bit of a steep learning curve when you 're not all to familiair with darwin 's brilliant theory . it also gives a nice insight in the way scientists work
atwoods collection of shot anecdotes , prose , and takeoffs of traditional narratives creates a delicious layered candy cake , yummy from start to finnish . a light , quick read intended to be thought provoking in either its mildest form or more serious , good bones creates a batter of cookie dough complementing her unique sense of style and outlook on our society
i read the pig man by paul zindel for a summer vacation assignment . in all , i do not enjoy reading books , but i was surprised by the humor in this book . when i was reading it , i would have to stop reading and i would start laughing . it would take a while to calm myself down . it first started with john and lorraine , then a lot of strange things started to happen to them . the old man that they where trying to prank call , was actually going to give them money . when they meet him it all changed . they where worried because they lied to him and did not know what to do . they told him the truth and became good friends with the pig man . they called him the pig man because his name was mr. pignati , and he collected hundreds of little pig statues . john and lorraine learned a lot about the importance of life as they grew to love the pig man . this sad story has to taught them how to move on after a loved one has died .
this is one of the finest popular histories i have ever read . whether it is a book about 5th and 6th century british history using arthur as a organizing principle , or a book about the `` real '' arthur using 5th and 6th century history as a backdrop , this book is wholly convincing concerning the reality of arthur and the historical context in which he lived . the book may actually be too good . the most convincing evidence it cites -- the so-called british easter annals -- appear to have been called into question by subsequent scholarship ; and the link between arthur and mount badon is not quite as convicing as it seeme to be when alcock wrote the book . in short , this masterpiece needs updating . but a masterpiece it is . no one who reads this book with any care can fail to come away from it without a vastly improved understanding not only of the british dark ages , but of the nature of historical evidence , scholarship , and truth . this is a great book
this is a terrific cookbook , even for people like me who are not trained bakers . i have succeeded in making three recipes already -- they work great . have a long way to go to try a lot of other really inviting recipes . her book also serves as a great reference for anything chocolate . i was quite impressed with the fact that ms. lonbotham pays an historical homage to chocolate decadence ( page 42 ) as being a seminal contribution to chocolate lovers worldwide . living in berkeley at the time , i well remember what a sensatation it caused .
this story drew me in at once because of the strong voice and the good writing . it clearly establishes a sense of time and place ( modern day madison , wisconsin ) and offers the `` promise '' of an intimate look at daily life during the last stages of als ( lou gehrig 's disease ) from the perspective of a personal caregiver . while we learn to understand the struggles of the patient , kate , this is more about the struggles of a college student known as `` bec , '' as she travels an emotional path of coming into her own . author , michelle wildgen , fulfills the promise.this story is character-driven , and what made me turn the pages was n't the story , which was , at times , a bit slow and uninspiring . with the exception of the `` blue butterfly , '' the additional sex scenes felt extraneous . further , one can guess from the beginning that in terms of kate 's condition , there would n't be a ` happy ' ending . regardless , wildgen paints a very realistic picture of als , and definitely puts you in the room . what made me turn the pages was wildgen 's ability to make each of her characters come alive . i cared about them and wanted to see how they 'd handle kate 's progressive and ultimate demise.bec is the narrator who learns as she goes ( both how to take care of kate and how to cook for her guests/staff/family ) . we see everything through her eyes , particularly as she becomes kate 's voice . the title , `` you 're not you , '' comes from kate , as she asks bec to speak for her in a manner beyond mere translation . the secondary characters are also well developed , including kate 's husband , evan , bec 's roommate , jill , and to a lesser degree , bec 's lover , liam . liam , a married faculty member , represents another dimension of bec 's floundering , and her search to , in a sense , pick a major . ultimately , the story becomes a vehicle for bec 's eventual direction of career choice.i recommend as a thought provoking read , and for the strong writing and character development . additionally , if you know ( or have known ) someone with als , i believe you 'll appreciate the author 's knowledge and sensitivity.from the author of `` a line between friends , '' mckenna publishing group
i tell my life coaching clients that even one of these poems makes for an loving guide as to how to live your life . her poem , mindful , eloquently points the way to a life of joy and fullness for anyone . yes
this book teaches poetic technique clearly while remaining friendly and encouraging . my second-semester poetry creative writing students use this book as a text together with michael j. bugeja 's art and craft of poetry
this low carb cookbook gives some new twists on old recipes , and explains the mysterious ingredients , etc . that other low carb books do n't
i recently re-read antony and cleopatra prior to attending the colorado shakespeare festival 's performance of the ambitious play under the summer stars here in boulder . drawn from sir thomas north 's 1579 english version of plutarch 's lives , william shakespeare ( 1552-1616 ) produced this romantic tragedy late in his career , around 1607 , and published it in the first folio in 1623 . it tells the story of a doomed romance between two charismatic lovers , roman military leader , marc antony , and the captivating queen of egypt ( and former mistress of julius caesar ) , cleopatra . when his wife , fulvia unexpectedly dies , antony is summoned from egypt to rome to mend a political rift with octavius by marrying his recently widowed sister , octavia . of course , this news enrages passionate cleopatra . she vents her anger on the messenger , but is quick to realize that octavia is no real rival to her when it comes to beauty . however , antony soon follows his heart back to cleopatra 's arms , abandoning his new wife in athens . this leads to war , when octavius declares war on egypt . after octavius eventually defeats antony at alexandria , cleopatra sends a false report of her suicide , which prompts antony to wound himself mortally . antony dies in his lover 's arms , and rather than submit to roman rule under the new caesar ( octavius ) , the heart-broken cleopatra asks to have a poisonous snake delivered to her in a basket of figs . in the end , antony and cleopatra is as much about new sparks re-igniting the flames of love as new political forces supplanting old political regimes . it is a play that reminds me that it is perhaps better to re-read and understand shakespeare than to devour one bestseller after the next . g. merritt
i read the hundred penny box when i was in third grade 13 years ago . its messages of love and memory have stayed with me and will continue to do so forever . i have created my own hundred penny box and just made one for a friend 's newborn son . my grandfather was recently diagnosed with altzheimers , an illness i assume that great-great-aunt dew suffered from . i took my ratty old copy of the book to his house over easter . we read it together and discussed his own memories over the years . while his memory is fading , i felt it important to hear them myself , love them , and save them in my own memory as michael did for aunt dew . i would reccomend this book to any child who is losing a grandparent and anyone who needs a good , heartwarming story
i liked the book but you also have to consider the end killer ... is that logical at all ? ? the senator is in his late fifties and so how old is his father ? if he had the senator when he was twenty he 'd have to be 77 . is it really reasonable that he 's running around killing people , and setting houses on fire . it was a very unlikely twist to the end . it still was a good book
carson mccullers , one of america 's greatest southern writers , was often misunderstood , as many people were put off by or unwilling to deal with her ( at the time ) controversial subject matter . mccullers used the grotesque as exaggerated symbols of everyday experience . the loneliness and isolation of her gothic-like characters were merely extreme examples of feelings we all have , though magnified and intensified to the nth degree.tennessee williams , in his introduction to mccullers ' `` reflections in a golden eye '' , posed the question ( in a mock dialogue ) most people asked about writers of the 'gothic ' school such as carson mccullers , flannery o'connor , katherine anne porter and eudora welty : `` why do they write about such dreadful things ? '' williams replies , `` in my opinion it is most simply definable as a sense , an intuition of an underlying dreadfulness in modern society.. why have they got to use..symbols of the grotesque and the violent ? because a book is short and a man 's life is long ... the awfulness has to be compressed . '' mccullers , unlike any writer i have ever read , pierces the heart of themes such as love , isolation , and loneliness with her lucid , poetic prose . tennessee williams , in virginia spencer carr 's biography of mccullers summed up mccullers ' writing as follows : `` i have used the word 'heart ' , but it is not an adequate word to describe the core of carson mccullers ' genius ... .i believe , in fact i know , that there are many , many with heart who lack the need or gift to express it . and therefore carson mccullers is what i would call a necessary writer : she owned the heart and the deep understanding of it , but in addition she had that 'tongue of angels ' that gave her power to sing of it , to make of it an anthem .
this is my kindergarten son 's favorite junie b. book , although he loves them all . he laughs out loud at junie b 's antics and loves pointing out her grammar mistakes . i love junie b. books because it helps initiate conversations with my son about his kindergarten . i 'll ask questions like , 'has anyone in your class ever done anything like that ' . this particular book led to interesting discussions about how grown-ups make mistakes too and whether someone goes to jail for a minor crime ( that 's all i will say without giving it away ) . enjoy junie b . - she 's charming
if your an endurance runner this is a great book for you . it has given me a lot of ideas of different races to run and has been a great motivator for me
it opens with a tribute to h.g . wells and ends with an homage to jules verne.in the middle are 18 more stories that span from side to side of the sf spectrum and , even though they might not be all in the reader 's preferences , are sure worth reading , if not thought-provoking . talking about preferences , i ca n't help mentioning terry bisson 's `` in the upper room '' and damon knight 's `` life edit '' as the best of the lot . look forward for number 3 , and 4 , and..
i came across this book while on vacation in a cabin in minnesota . i read the entire thing in two days , and loved it so much i considered taking it with me ! this was back before the internet , and it took me nine years to find a copy of it that i could buy . it was worth the wait.these are some of the best short stories i 've ever read . they are very well written , original , and gripping tales that are fun to read and reread . if only there were more writers like mr. ellin
i knew the government was a little crooked ... but when i read this ... .well ... lets just say i dont trust the government anymore . its a very great book , and fills you in on some information that you might have missed
this is our favorite baby book for reading with our baby/young child . each of our children , from ages 9 months to three years , has loved this book . we buy this as a gift for all new babies
this book provides great insight on modern business development concepts and design techniques . the framework provided will save hours of time spent building common libraries or frameworks . the industry support via codeplex and the csla forum site speak volumes of the value it provides .
for the english-language reader wedgwood 's book , which has been in print for over sixty years , is still an excellent introduction and synoptic narrative of this lengthy and turbulent period of european history . it gives brief and judicious biographical sketches of the major political and military actors of three generations : the principal antagonists at the outset -- ferdinand ii of austria and frederick v , elector palatine ; the condottieri-style generals - spinola , von mansfeld , tilly , wallenstein , piccolomini , christian of halberstadt , bernhard of saxe-weimar , the duc d'enghien ( conde ) ; the contentious minor rulers -- maximilian v of bavaria , johann georg of saxony ; the northern monarchs -- christian iv of denmark and gustavus adophus of sweden ( and his daughter christina and prime minister , oxenstierna ) ; the `` spoiler '' , cardinal richelieu ; the new emperor ferdinand iii and his cousin , the warlord cardinal-infant ferdinand of spain ; and many others . this book is written in a traditional english historian 's prose style that is clear , eloquent and totally lacking the jargon of concurrent and later social and economic histories , while still covering these aspects of the period . in spite of some reviewers ' claims of a `` protestant bias '' in her interpretation , the author seems extremely fair when assessing responsibility for the long-running disaster of the war , taking the position that it was the self-serving political interests of the participants ( dynasties , rulers , generals and paymasters ) that kept the war going at the expense of the social and economic welfare of the vast majority of inhabitants of germany and bohemia . although i am not familiar with this new edition ( and grafton 's introduction ) i emphasize that any reissuing of this book should have a brief scholarly introduction which supplies more details on the constitutional arrangements and crises of the holy roman empire during the sixteenth century , with a special emphasis on the composition of the bohemian estates and the conflicts between the estates and the habsburg king-emperors . the extent and internal organization of `` the bohemian crown lands '' should also be outlined . a succinct review of the political status of lutheranism , calvinism , the bohemian brethren , and other protestant confessions throughout all of europe around the year 1600 and a note on how their status had altered by 1700 would also be useful in `` setting the stage '' for the events of 1618 and understanding the relgious-denomination consequences of the war . the author supplies sufficient details on the major battles , but this is not a work of military history . as wedgwood knows , battles were only significant in the larger view as a result of their political consequences . and it is in the elucidation of the underlying politics of the war ( including how political prospects shifted with the waxing and waning of military fortunes ) that wedgwood excels . in her analysis of the general european situation at the outset of the war she proposes that there were three sets of forces which underlay and drove contemporary events . each was a source of conflict and each might cross-cut the others , complicating the declared interests and objectives of the dynasties and nations involved . in brief , the forces were : ( a ) religion , with three major competing factions ( catholic , lutheran , calvinist ; she notes that the conflict between the latter two forms of protestantism was often as extreme as it was between each of them and the roman catholic church ) . ( b ) nationalism ( french , german , czech , etc . ) , which was a new force on the scene , crystallizing the idea that political entities might be defined by nationality ( which here equals some combination of ethnicity and native language ) rather than conceived of as polyglot territorial agglomerations brought about by dynastic interests . ( c ) monarchic-constitutional issues , which were especially complicated and ambiguous within the `` constitutional '' grouping of major and minor powers known as the holy roman empire ( hre ) . the constitutional problem was twofold . within the small arenas of developing nation states and the yet smaller ones of traditional rulerships throughout europe ( duchies , counties , `` free-city '' areas ruled by town councils and mayors ) contests over the basis and extent of the rulers ' powers and privileges were taking place . aristocrats , oligarchs and merchants had traditional corporate bodies ( estates ) reluctant to cede their own powers ( taxation , the organization of military service ) to a central authority . the same conflict was also being played out on the larger scale of the hly roman epire , that loose grouping of special obligations and exemptions which was the final residue of an earlier system of vassalage binding together the elected emperor ( who had been a habsburg for several centuries ) and the smaller rulerships of central europe . the religious reforms , rebellions and wars of the sixteenth century had produced a system that appeared to resolve some of the potential problems through the won privilege of cujus regio , eius religio ( `` whoever rules , his religion [ is the religion of the ruled area ] '' ) . in the year of the war 's inception , 1618 , this new balance was very fragile , comprising four catholic and three protestant imperial electors . in germany the special arrangements regulating relationships between the emperor ( resident in vienna or prague ) and local rulers and guaranteeing a great deal of political autonomy to the locals , especially the protestant electors , had been somewhat codified by the augsburg treaty of 1555 , and were known as the `` german liberties '' . these would prove to be especially important to the three protestant electors at the outset of the war . in the developing continental war one could be pro- or anti-habsburg based on any one of the above factors or any combination of two or three of them . for example , a catholic ruler ( including the papacy ) might seek protestant allies in order to combat habsburg territorial expansion in his direction or to combat constitutional changes in the empire which affected his position adversely . or a protestant power might accept the habsburg `` program '' in any given case because it did not wish to disturb constitutional arrangements that were to its advantage ( this characterization is apt for saxony and brandenburg during the first twelve years of the war . ) as wedgwood notes , all three considerations ( religion , nationality , constitutional relations ) could be and were used cynically to advance the positions and interests of individual rulers and factions . from the point of view of rationality or predictability , political choices and commitments were often self-contradictory ( e.g. , a catholic power supporting a protestant venture ; a german liberties party accepting occupation by the army of a foreign power , etc . ) or temporary expedients that made the overall european situation more chaotic . the war began locally in bohemia , but its complications and consequences radiated outward as far west as spain and england ( even farther , to the caribbean naval theater ) , as far north as sweden and northeast to poland , as far south as italy and southeast as transylvania ; in other words , it was a european continental war with global impact . when the war broke out in 1618 it was over the habsburg violation of a `` constitutional guarantee '' of religious freedom in bohemia ( the concessions stated in rudolf ii 's letter of majesty ) . and here is where individual personalities and beliefs played an important role . ferdinand ii , who had knowingly violated the terms of the letter soon after being selected by the bohemian diet as king ( and therefore the first in precedence of the hre electors ) was determined not only to expand the political powers of the habsburg dynasty in bohemia and elsewhere , he was firmly committed to the goals of the catholic counter-reformation ( i.e. , re-catholicizing all of the areas within the hre which had become protestant during the last one hundred years ) . when he was deposed by a special convention of the bohemian estates ( the defenestration of his deputies in prague being the signal event of this deposition ) , the crown of bohemia was offered to the elector of the ( rhineland ) palatinate , frederick v , who considered himself a champion of the protestant cause . the religious zeal of these two antagonists led to extreme fixed positions at the very outset of the war . given the other major conflict hovering in the background -- the spanish habsburg determination to recover the now protestant area of the netherlands which had become the successful and defiant ( dutch ) united provinces - the war soon became international . while the entry of france and then denmark followed by sweden , into the war during the 1620 's changed its nature and extended its duration , wedgwood concentrates much of her analysis on the behavior of the two protestant electors , johann georg of saxony and georg wilhelm of brandenburg and one catholic ruler , maximilian of bavaria . it is her contention throughout the book that johann georg and maximilian in particular could have prevented the war 's spread and forced ferdinand into a compromise very early in the course of events that acquired their own dynamism once they got out of hand . despite their religious differences these two were always strong `` german liberties '' proponents , and each had the same view of the austrian habsburg rulers : they should be kept for the broader protections they offered , but kept in place with respect to encroachments on the traditional rights of local rulers . in the end both of these rulers survived the lengthy war in spite of numerous diplomatic and military reversals ( saxony switched sides and joined the swedes for several years , while maximilian 's position was constantly and secretly supported by his nominal enemies , the french , as their potential foot in the habsburg camp . ) wedgwood believes that the price of their survival was far too costly for the rest of germany . wedgwood 's gloss on the changing nature of the conflict is that by the year 1635 the war had become one of great-power politics , and that the earlier religious and ideological causes were losing their ability to motivate the antagonists . her summary of the changes emphasizes the following : ( a ) religion had discredited itself as a plausible source of political programs and a legitimate cause for war . religion was becoming more interiorized and private , and losing ground philosophically and ethically to the new prestige of empirical and applied science ( this was the era of galileo and kepler , with descartes , harvey , hook , newton , huygens , etc . on the near horizon ; a time of laboratory science and scientific societies . ) as the basis of a political program religion was viewed cynically by those who saw the devastation it had brought about . ( b ) for thinking men , nationalism began to fill the emotional void in public life left by the withdrawal of religion as the underlying motive for political and cultural action . this was very obvious in france , but even true of ferdinand iii , for whom the new main cause was the construction of an austrian-based hereditary monarchy whose additional obligations as the holy roman imperial protector of far-flung german catholics were no longer perceived as worthwhile . in the minds of both germans and austrian habsburgs the holy roman empire was becoming an honorific entity with ambiguous and weak political commitments in germany . the elbe-north german-pomeranian ideal empire of wallenstein was never again revived as a dynastic program . austria began to move south and east ( toward italy , croatia , and hungary ) in its expansionist aims . ( c ) the control of immense polyglot , multi-religious , mercenary armies and their huge camp followings had become a pressing matter of concern for all of the political authorities that hired them - they were neither religious nor national in their motives and aims and were in fact independent `` mobile states '' unto themselves , cynical and rapacious and often as dangerous to their paymasters as to their foes ; whenever their immediate prospects for pay and maintenance looked bad , they changed sides . the most successful mercenary generals had become mini-sovereigns . officers were all `` out for themselves '' and for their troops ( rather than for the cause or nation of their paymaster ) , since without troop loyalty they had no means of personal advancement -- the most famous commanders , ernst von mansfeld , wallenstein , bernhard of saxe-weimar , the swedish general wrangel , all expected ( and some received ) grants of territory and titles of nobility as their rewards for service . the `` national '' armies of conscripts that came to the fore in the 18th century was the answer to this problem . the pace of the war wound down during its last five years ( although there were several major battles fought even then ) , which was a period of extended negotiatons in mnster and osnabrck , with the `` final treaty '' being signed late in 1648 . for the next five years a series of conferences met at nrnberg to implement and enforce the peace treaty and to deal with difficult problems raised by demobilizing huge armies . many of the loans of this period , which were raised to cover the demobilization costs , were not paid off for a century . individual rulers such as charles of lorraine and the duke of savoy ( who got nothing from the treaty ) refused to vacate various fortresses for five or six years , but the war did not break out again . france and spain continued at war with each other , but not in germany . numerous soldiers , especially officers , went into mercenary service all over europe . others took to the hills as professional bandits - for the next 20 years merchants traveled through certain parts of germany and bohemia in armed caravans . wedgwood accepts the more recent ( 1900-1930 's ) historical estimate that the population of the imperial german lands ( excluding alsace and the netherlands ) dropped from about 21 million in 1618 to 13 million in 1648 . the number of dislocated people was also substantial . while she acknowledges that the number of towns and villages destroyed and other `` infrastructural '' and economic losses were very large , she feels that all contemporary sources ( e.g. , the pamphlet literature of the next 100 years ) exaggerated local losses , since all parties in the war continued to seek indemnities and restitution . the free peasantry benefited briefly , since landowners were desperate for manpower to restore their estates - prices fell while wages rose for a number of years , which increased the standard of living of peasants and artisans . but within a decade of the peace treaty the landowning gentry was pleading with imperial , royal and local rulers to impose legal restrictions which would re-create bonded , serf-like conditions for peasants . town councils now became pawns and bureaucrats of the dynastic courts of their rulers and also implemented restrictive legislations on peasants ( e.g. , prohibitions against mobility , domestic industry , and household craft production -- a trend which later historians refer to as `` neo-serfdom '' ) . class stratification was as rigid as it was before the war started . there was a new , large class of mobile petty nobles and gentry seeking court-backed military and bureaucratic appointments , at the expense of town and peasant taxpayers . germany and the austrian-based monarchy and empire were totally excluded from the international competition to establish overseas colonies and from the developing `` atlantic trade '' . for a number of years the outlets of germany 's major rivers ( rhine , elbe , oder , and for brandenburg-prussia , vistula ) were controlled by foreign powers , reducing germany 's commercial strength . hamburg was the exception , becoming the major maritime merchant city of the north sea coast , at the expense of the other hanseatic cities and the scandinavian powers . the only medium-sized german state to emerge with positive prospects was brandenburg , soon to become the administratively efficient and militarily powerful prussia . the peace , while ending the `` wars of religion '' , set the stage for a long series of `` nationalistic '' wars that subsumed dynastic and religious sources of conflict . france replaced the habsburg spanish-austrian coalition as the menacing and tyrannical continental power willing to disturb the peace . austria turned to the south and east and spain lost its great power status and became an economic and cultural backwater . there was no politically or culturally unified germany within the boundaries of the old empire ( french culture began to reign supreme ) and the cosmopolitanism ( its openness to outside influences ) of this area during the 18th century , instead of being a source of pride over its achievements , became a source of lament for later cultural and ethnic purists of revived german nationalism . author 's judgment and conclusions : in terms of responsibility for the overall disaster , wedgwood points to the futility and self-destructiveness of sincere religious zeal in the cases of ferdinand ii and the elector palatine . but , from the point of view of failures of practical ( and ethical ) politics , she highlights the behavior of maximilian and johann georg , who could have prevented the spread of the conflict in 1620 and could have brought the war to an early end in 1635 if they had agreed to work together on a `` unified german program '' which would have forced imperial compromises and concessions had they both stood behind it . between these two she sees the saxon as the greater victim of military circumstances ( pressed by the swedish juggernaut ) and therefore less culpable for the mess , while she judges the bavarian as too subtle and too ambitious in pursuit of his own dynastic and territorial ambitions at the expense of a general settlement good for his fellow germans , thus identifying him as the more culpable . beautiful in its style and concision , wedgwood 's final summary is also gloomy ( as one might expect of a work completed in 1939 , on the verge of world war ii ) : `` as there was no compulsion towards a conflict which , in despite of the apparent bitterness of the parties , took so long to engage and needed so much assiduous blowing to fan the flame , so no right was vindicated by its ragged end . the war solved no problem . its effects , both immediate and indirect , were either negative or disastrous . morally subversive , economically destructive , socially degrading , confused in its causes , devious in its course , futile in its result , it is the outstanding example in european history of meaningless conflict . ''
i just got through reading `` harvey penick 's little red book '' . i enjoyed it so much that i had to apologize about my delay in submitting a positive comment on the seller 's feedback page . but the book was that enjoyable ! i read the book because i was told it is a good example in marketing and business management ideals . i do n't even play golf ! i was able to apply harvey penick 's words to attitudes and approaches to life though ! he not only teaches what he has learned about golf during his long rich life , but he also teaches a philosophy in how to live one 's life . his methods of evaluating the actions of his students and sharing what he has learned in an effort to improve thier lives is obvious to me . he refuses to use negative impressions in his teachings . instead , he accentuates the positive . he educates by guiding his students instead of `` teaching '' them . i love his ability to teach with images , parables and metaphors . his chapter `` first things first '' about the golfer who wanted to get out of sand traps is great ! after all , the problem is not always what you think . i challenge anyone to read `` harvey penick 's little red book '' and share with me how they can apply his knowledge to thier business and personal lives . whether you play golf or not , this book is good reading
today , i heard sister prejean speak about her book dead man walking and about all of the experiances that shes been through concerning the death penalty . nothing less than amazing . dead man walking calls upon the unjustices in the death penalty but also on the actual death penalty victims . many people think that death penalty victims are just plain bad people . read this book . if you want to be challenged on your views , read this book . you ca n't be idle on the death penalty . also , coming soon is the death of innocence . sister prejean spoke on the content of this book and the stories within it . once again , nothing less than amazing . a story that is priceless to hear and will influence your life
the four tales in this collection are beautifully composed ; they are art , not just stories . each story is deep in its unique complexities . each one has plots and subplots and paints an impeccable image of the story upon the reader 's mind . and when i look back upon the book as a whole , upon the adventurous stories , the excitement and emotion that the author presents so exquisitely , i ca n't help but be extremely impressed .
i 've been a skating fan for many years , and would recommend this book to everyone ! i thoroughly enjoyed the inside look at brian boitano 's career , from start to present . it 's easy to read , so one can browse through it like a newspaper or magazine ... ..but it 's also stuffed full of valuable information about the technical aspects of skating and the `` behind the scenes '' preparation activities for competitive skaters . the beautiful pictures lend itself to being picked up and enjoyed again and again ! hats off to brian boitano , suzanne harper , and all the people who helped create this treasure for my coffee table
mere words can not express how pleased i am with my copy of 501 french verbs . very user friendly . well organized . a gem.i am currently working between learning spanish and french.between the two , i feel that french is the more difficult language.now , how to speak the language . the accent , sentence formation , idioms ? for all the beauty of this reference book , no one comes even close to equaling behind the wheel french for teaching you how to put all these verbs together and actually speak the language like the natives.if you 're just trying to get through a college french course requirement or never plan on really speaking the language , then 501 french verbs is perfectly fine all by its sweet self.however , if you do want to do more than read french literature and plan on hitting the streets in france someday , then by all means , combine this fabulous book with behind the wheel french cds . they also have a revised version for the same price that comes with a terrific book that is very instructional and easy to use . ( same price ) with answers right on the same page , english translations , the whole nine yards . makes it very easy to learn french
rites of spring is an unparalleled work of cultural and historical synthesis , and easily the most interesting cultural history of 20th century europe available .
the book is not 'really ' on christ in the etheric , but more several - `` unrelated '' - lectures about etheric life . sometimes christ only gets mentioned at the very end of a lecture.the book can be summed up as an accumalation of lectures of `` cosmic life '' if you like : the spiritual life that is connected with , and influences , life as seen only from/with physical senses . in the book is recorded about several `` ages '' ( golden age , silver age , iron age and dark age ) , and that how in each age clairvoyant abilities - [ or really spiritual consciousness ] - diminished with each age , and that the dark age has ended in 1899ac and that in this current age people need to become spiritually aware again to the point where they have a `` damascus experience '' ( experience of saul - later paul - in which he saw christ in etheric form ) .people who do not become spiritually aware will be bound into the earth consciousness/sphere and could cause disturbances in the earth.in this light , rudolf steiner communicated about the brotherhoods - in western and eastern countries - and how they try to prevent people from developing spiritually to the point where they will be able to meet christ in the etheric ( = 2nd coming of christ ( coming in the etheric ) ... and in future times coming of christ ( i.e . manifestation/presence of christ in the astral ) ) .in the book is also recorded about the sermon on the mount - with the beautitudes ( recorded in matthew 5 ) where jesus communicated about the development of the soul ( as recorded in other books by rudolf steiner ( sentient soul , intellectual soul , etc . ) ) . in the book is also recorded about `` the afterlife '' if you like : life of souls who have passed away and are still earthbound , and how those souls are connected to those souls that are incarnated in a physical body in earth.in the book is communicated about different levels in the 'afterlife ' and how feelings and will are active . it is recorded about astral plane , lower devachan and higher devachan in `` etherization of the blood '' and later on again in `` three realms between death and rebirth '' where is recorded in greater detail how activity in those realms is connected with life of souls incarnated in the earth and how christ is also present there and can be experienced in earthly life as 'destiny ' ... and how people are so focused on what is , or has happened , but do n't pay attention to what is result of it not happening ( e.g . getting delayed for an appointment , or coming ( 'unexpectedly ' ) too early etc . ) . destiny is at work , with christ having its workings present in it according to rudolf steiner.in the book is also located about `` the double '' and how forces from within the earth influence it [ geo-biology ] . ireland was a place where those influences where most 'healthy ' for spiritual development/cognition and ireland was the place where christianity was able to flourish and waver out from to europe by irish monks
i read this book on vacation . many years ago i read `` in the shoes of the fisherman '' and `` the clowns of god . '' i enjoyed both of these books but not enought to search out and read the third book in the trilogy . what a mistake ! this book contains the politics of power , the behind the scenes strugles and the fears and doubts as well as the faith and triumphs of the servants of the vatican , as well as the italian and international scene . the relationships both formed , forming and parting kept me glued to the book . the pace was fast and enthralling . do not miss this book . the end was somewhat predictable , but never-the-less still shocking
the man of her dreams the woman of his ! is a book that is critically necessary today in light of our divorce culture . sadly , it equally affects christians the sames as non-christians . joel pulls no punches in assigning the blame to men 's arrogance and poor exploitive biblical exegesis . the back and forth style communicates the same cooperation and give and take necessary for successful marriages . this book is must read for the engaged , newlyweds , and those struggling to stay together . all cliches aside , this is a must read.rodrick burtonauthor , the moral state of black america
this a beautiful book . it is complete and definitive for reference to italian renaissance art . the photographs are clear and the information is concise . i used this for my graduate italian art history class . i am keeping this book and will not be selling it back
i teared when i read parts of the book , but it is such an awesome book ! i did n't want to put that book down until i was completely finished reading it . i definetely recommend it to anyone with children . i loved it , and i plan on keeping up with my letter box to my son
first , the story takes place in the 1940s ( harold 's brother is mia in wwii , not in vietnam , as the amazon.com review erroneously states ) . second , the writing is superb . mr. lawrence makes you feel emotions without telling you what to feel . his characters are very real . his setting ( a small , struggling circus , traveling the western u.s. ) is historically believable , peopled with 'freaks ' who suffer as sideshows , unable to find any other way to live because of the bodies they were born with , but peopled also with 'normals ' who are either afraid of or cruel to the freaks . harold , the 14-year-old albino central character , tries to straddle both groups of people . he finds his niche in the circus as an elephant trainer . i am admittedly ignorant about such things , but mr. lawrence again makes the storyline with the elephants -- crucial to the plot of the novel -- seem believable . my only complaint about this otherwise very moving book has to do with the writing at a crucial death scene near the end . i do want you to read this book , so i will try not to give anything away here , but the writing at this important point becomes formulaic in the dying character 's last words and even gomer pyle-like ( people actuallly say `` gosh ! `` ) . this did detract from the impact of the death , unfortunately , but i still very strongly recommend this book . five stars for a book with a major flaw says a lot !
ralph fletcher and joann portalupi have teamed up to create a book that is easy to understand and apply in the classroom setting . the lessons can be adapted for all elementary grades and everything is spelled out for you as the teacher - including the titles of books to use . those familiar with the 6 traits will find concrete examples to help develop each skill
when john grisham introduced us to bendini , lambert & locke , a memphis tax boutique controlled by the mafia , the idea of an in-house firm for the mob was hilarious . these days no one , least of all our hero scott finn , is particularly sure that organized crime does n't just control the firm , but also the governor 's office , the us attorneys office and the boston pd.finn , who worked and fought his way out of the streets of southie to the thick-pile carpets of boston 's brahmin legal establishment , finds himself back among the thugs and characters of the world he thought he left behind . when a fellow associate and friend with benefits is killed by a copycat killer seeking to emulate `` little jack '' who was terrorizing the city finn is drawn into the fray , where he acquits himself brilliantly while maintaining his place on the partnership track.finn even finds a new love interest in the cop who is trying , though not very hard , to put him away . and a childhood friend proves an invaluable ally as finn attempts to clear himself and clean up the city in the process.if it seems over the top , it is . but it is good fun too
i read a review of this in l.a. weekly which said that it was `` a lot of fun '' and entertaining in a sort of ironic way , despite the fact that it became more slapstick at the end . i read it , and agreed for the most part , except i felt that the characters were much stronger and wittier than i had expected and the author seemed more generous to them than i would have thought from the initial satirical tone . the ending was a little over the top , but it was an example of the kind of senseless fireworks these characters would have to simulate in their own lives . all in all , i thought it was a very intelligent and amusing first novel
the language , the words , the concepts , the illustrations , the points he brings out , everything in this book is beautiful . the metaphors he will use to get a certain point across , is brilliant , simple , creative , nimble ; he dances around philosophical discussion with grace . he explains relativism , and absolutism , quite well , and puts you in the crossfire , to make up your mind ; he shows you , but does n't tell you ; he offers you ; he willingly gives you ; the truth . buy this book
simply , clearly written , the book is a very practical guide for someone new to , but serious about , farming . concise , yet still comprehensive and fun to read . would have liked a section on draft animals , but schwenke 's disclaimer for not including it makes sense
though no book will make you a filmmaker , some will help you refine your vision . this book , for me , added some poetry and texture to the imagery already in my mind . pretty much the only thing that will improve your film skills , is making them
we love this book ! we have made many of the recipes that have all tasted great and are healthy . we also gave it to everyone for christmas and they all love the recipes too
rolling stone has long been the `` gold standard '' for rock journalism . any history of rock and roll that does n't have billy joel or bob seger is all right by me . i need to update my copy right away ! great job , as usual , rolling stone ! ! ! !
unlike most dystopian novels , which tend to focus on what may happen to government in the future , `` a clockwork orange '' focuses on the nature of the individual in the future . our protagonist is alex , only 15 years old but already a habitual criminal , roving the streets with his band of friends , taking advantage of every opportunity to wreak havoc on the world around him . the boys have no qualms about attacking the helpless . in fact , the more helpless the victim , it seems , the more pleasure the boys take in the act . the most interesting and disturbing aspect is that the boys manage to maintain a strange sort of innocence even as they commit the most heinous and violent crimes . they are n't doing any of this out of malice toward their targets ; in fact , it seems to matter very little who they pick as a victim . they are creating mayhem just because it 's fun for them.everything changes , however , when one particular break-in goes horribly awry and alex finds himself sentenced to 14 years in prison for murder . there , though he manages to create an illusion of good behavior , we see that the experience has no real impression on his sense of morality . then , after two years , he is chosen for a new , experimental rehabilitation program , designed to rid him of any desire to indulge in , or even contemplate , any acts of violence . as we see , however , this `` treatment '' also leaves him without any choice in the matter of being good or not . he has to be good because he is programmed to be . this , of course , raises the question central to the book : does good behavior actually mean you are a good person if you have no freedom of choice ? the book can be a little difficult to get in to at first , predominantly because of burgess 's unique style . the story is narrated by alex and thus , is written in the complex slang language , invented by burgess for this book , that the youth of this society engage in . for example , a sentence taken from the opening chapter : `` he looked a malenky bit poogly when he viddied the four of us like that '' ( pg . 5 ) . there is no glossary , but if you stick with it , you will start to develop a feel for what most of the words mean after a couple chapters . however , if you find yourself having difficulty , a nice , comprehensive lexicon can be found on wikipedia if you search for `` english to nadsat '' ( due to review guidelines i am not allowed to include a direct link ) . unfortunately , it is alphabetized by the english equivalents , not by the slang terms , so looking up a word can be a little difficult.one final note of interest : the original british publication of `` a clockwork orange '' had 21 chapters , as does the current american edition . however , when the book was first published in the united states , the last chapter was dropped . as burgess explains in his introduction to the restored version , publishers considered this 21st chapter a sellout . whether it is or is n't is up to you to decide , but i can tell you that the presence or absence of the last chapter makes a huge difference in the overall feel and message of the book . without the final part of the story in place , the book offers a bleak message , implying that human nature can not really change . on the other hand , reading the book with the final chapter in place gives us a little more hope . beyond that , burgess tells us in his introduction , interpretation is up to you
renowned artist and tarot scholar/writer robert m. place has produced a masterpiece in his new tarot 384 page companion book , the buddha tarot companion : a mandala of cards . this book affords a rich unique perspective of the tarot through the lens of the buddhist paradigm . the companion deck comes in a beautifully illustrated box containing exquisitely designed cards that fit perfectly in my hand , a tiny black gossamer bag plus a bordered little white box with the instructions , `` embellish this box with protective and/or empowering symbols . '' other suggestions that greet you as you begin your journey with the buddha cards include : `` smudge with sage to cleanse and re-energize the cards after a reading . '' and `` store your deck with stones or crystals that absorb negative energy , promote healing , or provide protective energy . '' also included in the box is a mini-book with guidelines on reading these particular cards . both items are published by llewellyn , who as always , have taken great care to ensure quality and aesthetics in the way the cards are packaged and presented.robert has done an amazing job in correlating the life of the buddha with the tarot journey through the cards . he describes how the major arcana fits perfectly with the life of siddhartha and his journey of enlightenment . each of the tarot trumps is a stage on the mystic 's journey to enlightenment . in fact , it is mr. place 's belief that the creators of the tarot were directly influenced by the life of the buddha , and incorporated archetypes into the major arcana based on his journey . he teaches that the ancient wisdoms were not isolated from one another . instead , `` the classical world maintained communications with india and the ancient western philosophers were familar with indian philosophies . '' as well , the islamic world introduced the christians to the life of the buddha during the middle ages . `` the european christians were enamored with the story , and they transformed him into a christian saint - st . josaphat . '' i was fascinated by the titles given to the major arcana cards . each of the 23 cards reflect an important aspect of the siddhartha 's personal journey to become the enlightened one , the buddha.robert place has created a deck and book that not only meets the needs of people who practice eastern beliefs . he also acts as a mediator to help people of the western world learn about and appreciate the noble tenets of buddhism and its teachings for life . i highly recommend this deck - i found it very easy to follow , the graphics are amazingly detailed and artistically rendered and the companion book clearly helps you to learn to `` read '' using a buddhist world view .
house poor identifies the key issues consumers need to know to survive the current volatile housing market . the style is brisk and understandable , and the information is focused and useful . unlike books that try to entice readers with promises of getting rich quick by investing in real estate , house poor gives suggestions about how to invest prudently and warns readers about the dangers of becoming overextended . when activity in many housing markets begins to decline from its current unsustainable level , many people will wish they had read the advice in fletcher 's book .
though i usually go in for tough police thrillers , i sometimes mix things up by reading a light , funny mystery or- like this book- a quiet , thoughtful mystery set in a small town ( a `` cozy '' , i believe this type of mystery novel is called ) . `` still life '' nicely combines the easygoing attributes of a `` cozy '' mystery- quirky , eccentric characters , a small-town setting , pretty much no violence- with a little modernity , in the form of occasional well-placed profanity ( though not much ) and modern demographics ( a gay couple is included among the main characters ) .the main detective character , intelligent and interesting , owes a little to christie 's hercule poirot , but not everything . the mystery itself is pretty interesting , too , though some aspects of its solution are a little broad and clunky , as are some of the explanations of why ultimately cleared characters were acting suspicious for a time . any shortcomings are quibbles , however , and should n't deter one from trying out this nicely done mystery story set in a quiet little corner of quebec
one reviewer claims that this is marred by some of eliot 's unfurtunate preducices . but how come you do n't say something like that about o ' henry . we ca n't just stop reading authers because you we do n't like their views . someone calls hemingway looking forward ? if that 's looking forward i'de rather look backward . hemingway has no concept of lyricism what so ever . most of the people that reviewer named justly loved eliot . eliot is not looking nesscarily towards the past , but towards what we have made out of the present . in name of progress , we have destroyed nature and good part of our souls . to call eliot conservative at the time he wrote the poem would be redicoulous , the first draft according to one of eliot 's biographers , was absolutly a expression of relavtism . one critic accused him being a nihilist . on the poem itself eliot is truly a master at evocating mode and tone , not to mention his brilliant use of imperfect rymthe . so it does n't have the crepty sentimentalism and redicoulous forays of expression of eariler and later poets . so he looks at his poetry with a sense of hard classicism , we could use more of that . yet what he does n't right he evoces through mode and tone , giving us truly one of the best poems of this , or any other century .
fantastic pop up book ! easy to keep the preschool children 's attention when telling this story
generally , my eyes glaze over as i reach chapter 3 of most business books as they provide the mastery of the intuitively obvious . make your own luck by shapiro and stevenson has broken the pattern . written in punchy conversational style , the book is a delightful combination of anecdotes and useful tools geared to help the reader up the odds in personal and business decision-making . the process of setting goals and assessing risk is broken down into discrete aspects , allowing the reader to assess his own patterns of success and failure . this sounds as if it could be tedious , but it 's not . the authors know you are not sitting in a policy course . they know that you make numerous bets in any given day and do it most of the time without focusing on the decision as a bet . the book makes you conscious of those bets and gives you the groundwork to move through those bets with speed and focus . in managing investments , i 'm betting on a gestalt of macro economic factors and company specific performance as well as betting on the actions of other investors . the tools in make your own luck , such as the prediction map , are completely applicable to the inferential analysis i use in managing investments as well as life 's major problems , such as how to seat guests at the next dinner party . this book is a good read . shapiro and stevenson incorporate topics from baseball to the metropolitan museum of art . make your own luck makes you laugh , makes your think and gives you tools to improve your own lot .
walk two moons sharon creech joan gray mrs. cooper in this heart- touching , heart-warming story about sal and her past comes together binding wonderful stories of her and her best friend , phoebe . her grandparents take her on a road trip . along the way , she describes her happy , sad , and beautiful stories . touching you heart one story at a time . i loved this book . it was not only a good , but also a great book because , it teaches life lessons , and it 's sad in many ways , at the same time beautiful . this book teaches you that life is there , you have time . it also teaches not to judge ` a man until you 've walked two moons in his moccasins ' . and to not let sad things effect you , and so much more ! i love this book so much . if you 're fifth grade or older , no matter what it will touch your heart . i would suggest it any day . it will be a page-turner from beginning to end . you 'll never put it down . so pick it up and start reading it !
this book is a quick read and a great introduction to artificial life . it combines something of the science , the personalities and the history of this field . for general readers with some technical sophistication it affords an opportunity to broaden one 's horizons without too much of a mathematical stretch ; for computer scientists who are thinking of their own research it can give a general idea of some of the accomplishments in the field and a place to start delving into the original research papers . read it and enjoy the future
ironweed by william j. kennedy was the latest selection for a book club i 've recently joined . the premise of the club is to read a novel and then view the movie ( at the group meeting ) that was based on the novel . as i expected , the movie paled in comparison to the book , despite the screenplay being written by kennedy himself . jack nicholson plays the main character ( francis ) and meryl streep is his `` wan na be '' socialite girlfriend ( helen ) , but this star power does n't elevate the story beyond what kennedy had already done in the novel.set during the `` great depression , '' ironweed is a great look at the underbelly of society : drunks , homeless , impoverished , and in that regard the story is timeless . i enjoyed the characters ' quirkiness and the loosely connected plots , but more significantly to me were the themes of redemption , forgiveness , and love . the love aspect may be hard to spot , but it is there , unconventionally , in many of the character 's interactions.this favorable recommendation comes with a warning : it can be a depressing read , definitely not a happy one , and while i found it inspirational , it will not conjure any blithe emotions . ironweed is definitely not a june beach read , being more apropos to a long winter night , indoor , by a warm fire .
this is a wonderful overview of a critical sector of the western front . across the region known as flanders , three particularly brutal battles were fought during the first world war with a horrendous loss of life suffered for minimal territorial gains . this book provides enough information about these battles to be informative yet unlike many military histories it avoids becoming boring because it is not overly detailed . it also discusses the battles from all perspectives including the high ranking politicians , the often inept generals but especially from the viewpoint of the poor infantrymen who suffered incredible hardships including shelling , bombing , machine gun fire , gas attacks and wretched weather conditions.in addition the author has a wonderful approach to writing making the book a very absorbing read that is difficult to put down . it is a shame so many historians , including such military writers as david glantz , do not emulate groom 's style
this book was `` required reading '' when i first started in the investment business 16 years ago -- it was a fabulous introduction to wall street and the stock market . i have recommended it many times over the years , and continue to do so
this one is the best of the `` song '' series - the hero is not a rapist , the heroine is n't dumb , and the plot is actually a bit different from the others . nice light reading - renews my faith a little in the author
i have read all of the karen rose books and i continue to love every one of them . the other reviews go into great depth explaining the plot so i wo n't . the best review i can give an author is when i can honestly say `` i ca n't put it down ! '' when i fall asleep at work due to reading all night i can tell you it was a karen rose book . `` nothing to fear '' did not diappoint me yet thrilled me with more suspense and visual images than most of karens books . i honestly can say that i wish she wrote 10 times faster so i would n't have to wait so long for another book to get published . when i meet a friend or stranger reading romance i ca n't help but recommend a karen rose book . this is my latest favorite of hers . keep writing karen !
i have written a lengthier review of this work elsewhere . but i did want to say to potential readers that the peggy antrobus book is a brief and welcome introduction to the global women 's movement , that as such it fills a long-felt-want , and that it is to be recommended to those new to , unfamiliar with , or who feel they should be allied with , the women 's movement . it would - it will - make an excellent text for those doing women 's studies , as to those doing social movement studies , whether globally or more locally . summarising , antrobus shows the women 's movement as political , as recognising women 's relationship to social conditions , as processal , as posed against patriarchal privilege , as beginning where and when women recognise their separateness and even their alienation , marginalisation , isolation or abandonment within wider movements for social justice or transformation.one complaint , but which is much more widely spread than in this book alone . this is the avoidance of the word ` capitalism ' - even by feminists who are or were once socialists . capitalism does not even get an index reference in antrobus . capitalists , mostly after all male , white and patriarchal , call it capitalism , and are proud of it . so why can not it not be so named by feminists , who could and surely should condemn it ? this can not be solely because of their justified criticism of the archaic political-economic determinism of patriarchal socialists . so it has to be due to either a desire to be salonfhig ( acceptable in the salons within which they have been speaking , to the funders they are dependent upon ) , or a restriction of their utopia to a kinder , gentler global capitalism , a global neo-keynesian order - for which no convincing feminist case has been made . pity
this is a great book for a piano student . it allows them to enjoy true music while learning how to play fairly easy pieces . these are n't little dittys made up to teach notes . it is classical music . beautiful dreamer by stephen foster , traumerei by robert schumann and the happy farmer by robert schumann are my favorite pieces . they are a joy to learn and play ! this music makes you want to practice . i also recommend my first book of christmas carols as well
with astute attention to the details of character , setting and daily life , susan kelly illuminates the ordinary . pondering love , memory , faith , and responsiblity , kelly transforms the everyday into the quintessential . this is a beautifully rendered story
following up on the success of the chocolate chip cookie murder , this is the second volume in the hannah swenson murder mysteries . here again , we find hannah coping with the brutal minnesota winter when the unthinkable happens . hannah finds a body ! the local high school coach and secret wife beater is found dead face down in hannah 's strawberry shortcake . his wife certainly has a motive , but is she the real killer ? the police are inclined to think so , but hannah certainly does not . with the aide of her sister , andrea , she sets out to find the real killer . many suspenseful twists and turns follow as hannah and andrea proceed on their relentless mission to free an innocent woman . will they succeed and find the real killer ? only in the last few chapters will you find out the answer to this riddle.once again , author joanne fluke has surpassed herself with another excellent novel . the cozy and inviting atmosphere found in the first novel continues here against the backdrop of the cruel minnesota cold . many delicious recipes are included so you can share the experience right along with hannah and her friends . her strained relationship with her mother continues as her friendship with norman grows and her closeness to her sister andrea deepens . the novel keeps you in suspense right up until the very end providing an exhilarating mystery ride . this is a novel not to be missed . very highly recommended.smash
this unusual love story , set with the background of war and rainy london is beautiful and intoxicating . the characters are palpable and beautiful both in their strengths and thoughts . an engrossing book ( i could n't put it down , yet i dreaded the end ) that should be read by anyone in search of beauty or life
most people will say that episode one is their least favorite of all the star wars films . but john williams composure for this one is second only to the empire strikes back for the entire star wars trilogy . this extended version is a must have , it contains all the music from the movie . the entire fight scene at the end of the movie is included and its wonderful to listen to . i wish somoone would do the rest of the prequel trilogy like this cd . a must have
luc ferry raises some very important and pressing questions about the implied praxis behind deep ecology . does the vision of society espoused by deep ecology depend on an authoritarian social structure ? does deep ecology demand a level of political correctness which places its premises beyond question ? ferry is not the first to raise these questions . the institute for social ecology , led by murray bookchin , has made the critique of deep ecology its bread and butter . of course , there are plenty of ideologues within radical ecology , but they do not make up the whole story . particularly glaring is ferry 's one-sided depiction of eco-feminism . in fact , some eco-feminist work in the u.s. has been particularly sharp at questioning the orthodoxies of both radical ecology and feminism . the questions which occupy ferry should be asked by every person who is involved in radical ecology , and many of his criticisms are on-target for a specific body of work . but he does n't bother to see the whole picture , and readers should be careful to read beyond the quotes cited by ferry and to study deep ecology and ecofeminism on their own terms
this is a wonderful story that can be shared with any age group . it 's about a young asian girl who comes to america and refuses to write her english name . beautiful story that teaches a lesson at the end . the pictures are spectacular and very intricate . i love this book
i pass the exam this morning with 83 % . from total time i spend 70 % time reading this book . this book is good if you have limited time to prepare for scjp . it does n't have boring description . the authors have done excellent job to extract out core concept from exam point of view . however , there are some typos and cds is not useful . i could n't able to access what is inside cds . anyway it was worth canadian $ 55 investment . i did refer khalid mughal book to clear some of the funda and practice examples
leonaur ltd. is publishing the definitive edgar rice burroughs 21st century editions . these usually contain 2 books of the different erb major series in order - thus far john carter , pellucidar , and carson of venus . in the future , possibly tarzan ! these books are handsome and my rating is mainly based on this - the erb fan knows best about the rest of it.this first volume of joh carter of mars contains 2/3 of the greatest science fiction/fantasy trilogy ever . what is nore remarkable is that these were published over 40 years before tolkien 's lotr and over 50 before tolkien became fashionable . `` a princess of mars '' , `` the gods of mars '' , and `` the warlord of mars '' are erb 's greatest work.it is sad , in a way , that tarzan obscures erbs mars novels for the general public . these books deserve to be beter known , and it is astonishing no movie or tv adaptation has ever been attempted ( which might be a good thing , after all ! ) . if only steven spielberg or peter jackson were interested ! of course , genre and erb aficionados have long know and cherised these great stories . i wonder how many others were first attracted to these by the magnificent ballantine editions of the 1960s ? if you are a fan as am i , support leonaur ltd. 's efforts by buying these magnificent books .
i was very excited to get my hands on this book . i have been ordering this series from amazon.co as they are released as i can get them several months ahead on their american counter parts . i must say that i was disappointed with the beginning of the book . first- hem is not the character that i wanted to read about . second- the start is slow and the plot drags a little . but- all is forgiven after 100 pages . i warmed up to hem . i actually think that the authors writting style has improved each book and this book just feels right . i was done reading way before i wanted to be done . the ending is nothing but action . i put the book down entertained and wanting more . what else can you ask for in a work of fictio
as i began to read this book , i was reminded of jack dempsey 's observation that `` champions get up when they ca n't . '' all of us have encountered professional setbacks of one kind or another and some of them are especially difficult to overcome . most of the examples which jeffrey sonnenfeld and andrew ward cite in this book involve ceos who either `` fired back '' and eventually prevailed after a career setback ( e.g . donald trump , martha stewart , bernie marcus , jimmy carter , and george foreman ) or never fully recovered from them ( e.g . jill barad , john scully , leona helmsley , jacques nasser , and linda warnaco ) . the former demonstrate the importance of `` seven lessons to turn tragedy into triumph '' which sonnenfeld and ward recommend ; the latter demonstrate the probable consequences of failing to understand and then apply those lessons on which a five-step strategy - `` for rescuing and restoring a career and reputation after a devastating professional setback '' -- is based . it would be a disservice to sonnenfeld and ward as well as to those who read this brief commentary if i were to list the `` lessons '' and `` steps '' which are best revealed within the narrative of this remarkably thoughtful , eloquent , and practical book . each is anchored in a real-world context . each is relevant to anyone now embarked upon or preparing for a professional career . i mention this last point because some who consider purchasing this book may incorrectly assume that its material will be of greatest value only to senior-level executives . on the contrary , all of sonnenfeld and ward 's observations and recommendations can be of substantial benefit to anyone who wishes to ( a ) avoid `` a devastating professional setback '' or ( b ) recover from one . in essence , this book provides sonnenfeld and ward 's response to this question : `` how can i overcome a professional setback ? '' to their credit , at no time do they minimize or trivialize the impact of a professional setback . ( presumably each has experienced a few of his own . ) they fully appreciate the difficulty of overcoming the debilitating psychological stress of failure , the challenges of failure to one 's reputation ( both personal and professional ) , social biases about failure , and other challenges which may be unique to one 's company , its culture , and its industry . if not `` tragic '' or `` devastating , '' a setback almost always lowers one 's self-esteem , is embarrassing , and has adverse financial consequences . more often than not , there is collateral damage to one 's family members and/or to one 's close colleagues at work so guilt also comes into play . recall the dempsey quotation provided earlier . presumably sonnenfeld and ward agree with dempsey on the importance of courage and also with me that it is much easier to summon the courage to `` get up '' when you are convinced that the situation is not hopeless , and , that you can indeed recover if you understand what has happened , why it has happened , and how you can - and should -- respond to it . of course , it is preferable to avoid a setback in the first place . ( `` if ` ifs ' and ` buts ' were fruits and nuts ... . '' ) most of us are not so fortunate and i , for one , have learned the most important lessons from failures ( mine and others ' ) rather than from successes . whether or not a given failure is our `` fault , '' it is certainly our responsibility to take full advantage of the learning opportunity it offers , and then to make positive and productive use of whatever truth has been revealed.it is interesting to examine the lives of `` great leaders [ who ] rebound after career disasters '' but , in my opinion , it is imperative to examine with rigor and candor one 's own values , attitudes , and behavior - especially when struggling to understand and then recover from a professional setback which is invariably a personal setback , also . as sonnenfeld and ward make crystal clear , this journey of personal discovery is by no means easy . nonetheless , it is one which must be initiated with commitment and then sustained by persistence throughout one 's life . if and when setbacks occur - and they always do - the practical advice which sonnenfeld and ward offer in this book will enable those who absorb and digest it to understand and ( yes ) accept what has happened , understand why it has happened , and then leverage that wisdom effectively and productively , not only in their careers but in their personal lives
in his last command , gaunt 's ghosts have returned from their mission on gereon , a chaos controlled planet , to ancreon sextus where war is also raging , in a continuation of the story of gaunt 's ghosts . they have been changed which is frightening to those around them . they changed in order to survive on gereon , but others think the transformation may be more sinister ; therefore , they are put in internment camps and questioned . finally , they are allowed back into battle as the forces attack sparshad mons , a step-city ruin on ancreon sextus , which appears to be filled with the enemy . not many people want to listen to gaunt , even though he is an expert warrior with sharpened senses . nothing is as it seems as the battle progresses and gaunt must find a way to get his superiors to understand what he knows . will gaunt ever convince them that what they are seeing is not really what they are seeing ? dan abnett has written a sequel to a story that i think you would need to read before tackling this one . after a spell , things did become clearer and i was able to pick up the storyline . the characters were well flesh out and the writing was smooth but the story did move a bit slow in places when some of the battles were taking place . there were many battles and a lot of dying on the battlefields . strange monsters inhabited the land and only gaunt knew where they came from . the monsters were fascinating in that they could not be killed in a normal way . only gaunt 's ghosts knew how to get rid of them.reviewed by alice holmanof the rawsistaz reviewers
these came yesterday and i started using them right away . i was able to learn ( for recognition only ) 12 new jlpt3 kanji in under 30 minutes so this product is definitely worth it . before using this i learned all jlpt4 kanji by writing it over and over again on scratch paper . that was a more thorough method but ive decided that for now , recognition is more important than writing so wrp flashcards are a big help . as others have noted , they have a nice look and feel to them . all nihongo students should have this in their arsenal . you 'll definitely have an advantage over fellow classmates who waste valuable time making their own flashcards .
i read this book the first time 7 years back and left a lasting impression on me , that 's why when i came across it again after so many years i felt compelled to buy it and read again . oh boy am i glad i bought it ! since last time i read it i have read many romance novels , many great one and many bad ones too . i thought i might not like it so much the second time around because of all the exposure i have got to romance novels since then but i was wrong . this book still made my heart race , made me smile at joe 's attempts to make ronnie laugh and still made me sigh at that sparks of atraction flying between them . joe 's character was just amazing , and most endearing was his insecurities.here was a navy seal , one of the toughest possible guys , and he was insecure about his upbringing and background . he felt veronica would be ashamed to be seen with a guy like him . he was sooooo sweet . he was so cocky , stobborn and arrogant but he was scared of rejection from veronica . just goes to show how a person 's outward appearence rarely show what is really inside them.i ca n't find any more book of this series , i am still searching for them . i know i have to read all of them .
whether everything 's on the level here or not i have no idea but in the neverland of hollywood it does n't surprise me that an ex-mouseketeer could be drawn into the shadowy and dangerous circle of colorful mobster mickey cohen . it is a vastly entertaining read , however , and would make a cool movie
i give this book a 4 star rating , not because i believe in `` the necronomicon '' , but because this particular book has given some very interesting background and historical information on the occult scene in the 1970s . the simon necronomicon itself is an interesting tome ( though i doubt it 's `` authenticity '' per se ) . it is at least as valid a grimoire as any other , and more valid than some . `` dead names '' has provided a great deal of information on certain people whose backgrounds are generally not known as well as the unique `` wandering bishop '' phenomena and the so-called slavonic orthodox church . overall , both an informative and entertaining volume , whether you `` believe '' or not
mr. fleishman has written and clear and concise primer on home theater . clearly , from his years as a staff writer for audio video interiors and other pubs , he has an in-depth knowledge of the ins and out of ht . certainly , everyone who is interested in ht should buy this book and read it from cover to cover . the best of all is that this volumne is updated on a on-going basis so that its always current with the latest trends and developements from hdmi to dts 96/24.great job
while this book is not a comprehensive volume , it does cover the most common landscape plants in the virginia landscape . there is a strong emphasis on older varieties of plants and those that are best suited to the climate conditions of virginia.for a new resident of virginia who likes to do amatuer landscaping , this book is indispensible
i used to draw animals and buildings years ago and decided i wanted to go back to that . and add fantasy creatures to my ability . this books covers drawing people , creatures and buildings . if you already having some drawing skill , this book is a great help .
piglia muestra que es un explorador de nuevas formas narrativas , pero la lectura de este libro y de otros suyos nos deja ver a un autor que no se deja leer con facilidad , que es crptico ; debe ser leido con mucha atencin , con papel y lapiz en la mano para seguir sus tramas y personajes y eso no es un virtud en un escritor
caine 's book is by far the most practical book on acting i 've read , and i 've read a few . some are very beautifuly written , poetic and psychological , but for someone who really wants to learn something about acting for film , i would recommend this book first . it is at times bleakly honest but highly readable . if you 've done any acting , you 'll find yourself nodding frequently
this is the second book in the wind dancer series . the wind dancer being the first , which was excellent . i almost feel as if i liked storm winds even more than the wind dancer , and i believe it 's due to a more comprehensive , abundance of history . i was absolutely and totally absorbed with this book from the first chapter until the last one . the characters were very individualistic and intriguing . i have to say i enjoyed the romance more between the two supporting characters : catherine and francois , more than the main characters : juliette and jean marc . i was enamored by francois and his strength , steeliness , and sensuality . jean marc was a dark , handsome man as well . because of the way juliette was treated in her youth , i see why she was so desperate for someone to need her ; hence her demanding , take-charge attitude to care for her friend and others . catherine was a delight . she was soft , caring , and sweet , but her terrible experience made her strong and even more beautiful in nature . fascinating characters and historical background . i would recommend this book to all those who love romance that is n't the typical , dull harlequin type and a love for important historical eras .
based on the description , i expected this to be a davinci code knock-off , but gave it a shot since i recieved a free copy . comparing labyrinth to the davinci code do it injustice ; this is definately not an imitator and is worth reading in it 's own right . i enjoyed the characters , plot , and switching between the past and present . i 'm not sure it has literary value ( i would n't argue that the davinci code does , either ) , but it 's certainly complex enough to make you think about the plot and character relationships without being difficult to follow
my son loves to read , and he adores this book . i personally love trapani 's books -- while they are not always grammatically correct ( the only reason why i do n't give it a 5 star rating ) , they are beautifully illustrated and bring to life some of the most well-known nursery rhymes . it will bring a smile to your child 's face
i have been planting flowers from seed in my home for almost 5 years now . last year i had over 1400 seedlings on multi-level shelves under flourescent and natural light in my dining room . ( boy do i need a greenhouse ! ) so this book was not a lot of new information to me . a lot of what is listed can be found on the back of a seed packet , but it 's not practical to sit on the floor of my favorite garden supply store and read every seed package for suggestions before i buy it . ( this is important , because i 'm not interested in refrigerating my seeds 3 weeks before i plant them or doing other such preparations required for some seeds . ) one major thing missing from this book was photography . there were drawings , but i 'm sorry to say that they were mostly a way of breaking up the monotony of the text rather than a reference tool . on the good side , this book did an excellent job of providing the proper germination environment , and each plant had a quick reference in a shaded box that listed the type of plant ( annual , perennial , etc ) , its hardiness zone , and its flowering season . this allowed me to quickly eliminate the plants that were inappropriate for my zone . the regular index was n't very useful , but one wonderful addition was an index of the common & latin names . i refer to this when looking at some of my books that include the full color photography i was missing . ( almost makes up for it ... .almost ! ) of course , there is the standard hardiness zone map , but they also added a map each for the probable first and last frost dates . ( nice ! ) also included was a directory of seed companies and their addresses . all in all , this book does a good job of covering the seed part , but a poor job of covering the bloom part
this is for my daughter-in-law and she was very happy with it . it will help in her work
i bought this book when i had my first child . it has provided me with alot of helpful information , especially at night or on the weekend when you 're not sure whether or not to call the doctor . i have worn my original copy out and am about to buy a new one . many thanks to dr. neifert
as a social worker in private psychotherapy practice , i find that sometimes the work can be isolating and at times i question whether i should make more of an effort to consider the latest trends in psychotherapy . mary pipher affirms that the classic skills that make a good therapist such as compassion , empathy , listening skills , reframing and the ability to induce a sense of calm are timeless . furthermore , even if i was n't a therapist i think i would still devour this book because her writing is a pleasure to read . i highly recommend it for anyone just starting their career in therapy or those who have been in the field for decades . this book is bound to become a classic
i have many robot books and this is the best and most informative book of all . it is easy to understand and read ; i personally could n't put it down . i wish it was twice as long while still marinating the high info density ... most authors just babble and every few pages actually tell you something ; this is not the case with this book ! the programming of a robot is everything ... and behavior based programming is the only way to go . this book provides a very good intro into that very subject . the only complaint i have is not about the book but his robot simulation program on is website which is referred to in the text . it seems to be rather slow and over taxing for the pc , but being a java app it 's not that surprising.highly recommended to anyone building robots
this is not the book to learn the basics of vbscript , but it 's exactly what i needed ; a good reference book . i got tired of trying to find syntax of commands and functions online . now i have it at my fingertips
alien invasion stories have been done to death since h.g . wells gave us the war of the worlds so it is extraordinarily difficult to come with a new slant to this time-honored genre . well , william c. dietz pulls it off with death day and the concluding volume earth rise . what sets death day apart from most of the invasion tradition is , first of all , the invading force being made up of different races . this makes an interesting dynamic and gives the enemy character as their squabbles , in-fighting and fight for freedom ( some are slaves to others ) make for something new , different and engaging . also , using racism amonst the aliens as well as the surviving human population rings a true , and tragic , note . the surviving pockets of humanity withdraw within themselves , close off their borders and horde resources . the aliens favor people of color and place them as overseers as human slaves are forced to work building alien temples on earth . and , sadly , collaborators work with the invading force to control the humans . but the seeds of rebellion have been planted . humans and enslaved aliens are fighting back and this first book sets up an alliance between the enslaved races . all this is interesting stuff and makes for a fresh approach . i enjoyed this book and recommend it highly . dietz is the best sf writer working today when it comes to letting character drive the story no matter the setting .
harvey e. goldberg is one of the pioneering sociologists in the study of the jewish communities of north africa , especially the libyan-jewish community . in this present work he brings to bear the experience and knowledge of a lifetime of study and practice as a jew to provide an overall historical , anthropological view of the jewish life- cycle . he opens with a chapter on 'being jewish ' then considers birth , circumcision , naming . he goes on to discuss 'rituals of education ' and then has a central chapter on 'marriage'.an especially innovative section is on 'pilgrimage and creating identities'in this one he opens one of the central themes of the book , the way the increased importance of the individual in jewish life and thought has led to more varied religious practice . his chapter on 'death , mourning and remembering ' also includes a consideration of communal remembrance . this is not as might be expected his closing chapter , as he adopts the traditional teaching which he is reminded of by one of his many interviewees , and ends with something 'good ' his final chapter is on 'bonds of community and individual lives ' . this book is extremely well written and a delight to read . i especially enjoyed the instances where he brings in personal anecdote to illustrate and deepen a set of observations . goldberg has a true command of traditional jewish religious sources , and these texts form one real basis of his life . but what is especially exciting is his reading the communal variations across time in response the religious and communal demands . as one long familiar with much jewish tradition and ritual i was surprised again and again by new observations and insights . anyone who loves jewish learning will love this work tremendously . i can not recommend it more highly
jimmy carter is usually considered a mediocre president at best , totally incompetent at worst . nothing could be further from the truth . this book lists his presidential successes and goes on to show how they led to his influential post-presidential activities . we now can see jimmy carter for what he truly is , a human rights champion and a shining example to us all
a fresh taste of italy is a marvelous resource for an array of recipes ; terminology ; history ; and sources of ingredients . the author paints a glamourous picture of the great diversity that exists in italian cuisine . if you purchase only one italian cookbook ... this is the one to get
i think those who have n't been where henri nouwen was , and were n't introduced to this `` book '' then will have a difficult time truly appreciating its gravity.thank god for henri nouwen
james moseley was the stereotypical rich orphan trust-fund kid , inheriting millions while still in college . he promptly left college and attached himself to a shady , indiana-jones-style south american graverobber . the graverobber wanted for some reason to do a book on the flying saucer myth , then only a few years old . moseley was sent crisscrossing the us to interview anyone and everyone who had made contributions to that myth in the period 1947 - 1954 . the book never materialized , but moseley was left with extensive notes , and the indelible and accurate impression that , apart from a few people who had genuinely seen something in the sky they did n't recognize , and would have been expected to if it were anything familiar , the majority of the mythmakers were , as my old grandma used to say , `` crazy as a betsy-bug . `` over the years moseley kept his hand in , meeting and interviewing anyone who came onto the scene in what he sometimes calls the field , other times ( more accurately ) `` ufoology . '' he edited and published a long series of saucer fanzines and newsletters and still publishes one to this day . he met everyone and he shrewdly sized up everyone . he organized many flying saucer conventions and seems to have attended most of the others . here 's his information-packed account of about 48 years in the field , and there is no more accurate word-picture anywhere in print in english ( i 've looked ! ) of the classic early 1950s contactees led by george adamski , on to the 1960s abductees led by betty hill , on to the growth of the crashed-saucer myth from its humble beginnings with the 1949 scully hoax , on to the full-blown roswell hoax of 1985 - 90 , and on to the `` supernatural '' abduction stories of the 1990s . moseley was an eyewitness to the birth of many hoaxes , a few of which he perpetrated himself.highly recommended , as a true insider 's look at this nearly 60 year-old and seemingly immortal myth of `` things seen in the sky .
mark liberman and geoffrey k. pullum could be accused of making the best of an already satisfactory situation in publishing this book that reiterates their ongoing blog on linguistics . but for this reader , having never visited their blog ( until now ) , this book is a treasure trove of quips and oops and pooh bahs and evidences of the strangely twisted manner in which we communicate.written in a casual style that makes the faux pas revelations more cogent , the authors share embarrassingly poor writing from the media , from authors , from those in control of the country ( as though the mentality of the us might somehow be reflected in the malapropisms of george w . ... yikes ! ) , and yet reading this blogline of information never seems vitriolic . criticism is one of the most substantial ways to create change and hopefully this book and blogline will focus many minds on the misuse of the english language , perhaps effecting some much needed corrections.far from the madding gerund ( did n't you always wonder why thomas hardy used that word in the title of his great novel 'far from the madding crowd ' ? ) is a book to pleasure the mind - and humor - and a fine resource for perusing before writing or speaking to a group of wise souls . so maybe it is a print form of a blogline , but for those of us who tire of wading through the computer for reading , it is a complete ( ? compleat ? ) pleasure ! grady harp , june 0
after reading being peace , i ordered additional copies for all my close friends . this book is both thought-provoking and accessible . thich nhat hanh has a way of presenting buddhist lessons and ways of being , ways of living and thinking about ourselves and our relationships to others and the world in a style that is almost deceptively simple and deeply thoughtful . i highly recommend this book as either an introduction to buddhist thought or as a way of enriching any life .
i would recommend this book for boys of all ages . i thought this book was a great book , and it was very descriptive
abby cooper has become my favorite amateur pi . the premise of this series , a young woman private detective who has strong psychic abilities which she uses to solve cases , is original and fun to read . abby is a psychic , but she also has the same trials and tribulations of a normal young woman , money , sibling and romance issues . in this latest book , abby , her sister cat , and abby 's handyman dave , buy and plan to renovate a house , only the house turns out to be haunted ! poor dave , abbey 's partner and handyman , is attacked by his own chainsaw as he begins the renovation ! determined to find out what 's going on , abby begins investigating the history of the home and discovers a missing treasure with ties to wwii nazi germany . in order to solve the mystery , abby depends on her spirit guides to help her on the case . there is danger for abby and her friends from an unknown stalker and the romance between abby and dutch becomes more intense as they each must sacrifice some of their independence to become a real couple . ms. laurie has a great series going here , and i look forward to reading more abby mysteries .
i 've been working with foals for about 18 years . this book is well written and includes very good illustrations . it 's good for new handlers and experienced handlers ( reminders of different options to use with different personalities ) as well . i highly recommend it
this is an emotionally charged , witty , and brilliantly told drama of four friends struggling to understand marriage , divorce , intamacy , and each other . one of the best plays i 've seen/read
when i started reading this book , i began to cry . i saw myself over and over again . and it is so comforting to know i am not the only person feeling this way , hurting this much . i am not quite finished yet , but so far i have learned so much i did n't know and also found suggestions for coping i had n't encountered . now if someone could only come up with a cure
it is interesting to see how golems evolve from pratchett 's discworld novel , `` feet of clay '' ( 1996 ) , where they are speechless slaves of clay , to `` going postal '' ( 2004 ) where a well-educated but humorless golem serves as body guard and lecturer-in-morals to the new post master . this is where it all begins ... commander sir samuel vimes , of ankh-morpork 's night watch pays a visit to the dragon king of arms at the urging of his new wife , who thinks sam needs his own coat-of-arms now that he 's been knighted . unfortunately , one of sam 's ancestors was a regicide so his descendent is denied an armorial bearing by the college of heralds . he does learn that one of his watchmen is actually the earl of ankh : the inimitable corporal nobbs , who is forced to carry around a piece of paper signed by ankh-morpork 's patrician certifying that he 's really human.well , this is a bit of a come-down for sir sam , but he 's got more important matters on his mind , including the murders of two harmless old men . one of them was beaten to death by a loaf of dwarf bread . his body was discovered by captain carrot and corporal angua , the only werewolf in the night watch , when they visited the dwarf bread museum on their day off.the only link between the two corpses is a trace of white clay at both murder scenes.subplots zigzag every which-way through `` feet of clay . '' corporal 'earl of ankh ' nobbs is being courted by a group of well , nobs who have n't given up on the notion that ankh-morpork should be ruled by a king . captain carrot , hereditary king of ankh-morpork who wisely refused the crown in `` men at arms , '' is busy tracking murderers and emancipating golems . sargeant colon is about to retire if he lives through a trip through the sewers with wee mad arthur . corporal angua helps a new dwarf recruit come to terms with her yen to wear lipstick.death , who has at least a walk-on role in all the discworld fantasies is still working on his sense of humor : `` i am death , not taxes . i turn up only once . `` if this sounds confusing , it is n't . it 's brilliant . all of the story lines tie together according to character . i do n't know how pratchett digs through the sewers and stockyards of ankh-morpork , and rubs together a monarchist plot with a bit of animated clay to create such a gem.i think he must use magic .
love letters has a very simple concept : two people reading letters they wrote to each other on separate parts of the stage . they never look at each other . but within these letters is so much humor , love , and truth that the play will carry you away with delight . i read this play as i was browsing through a bookstore . i just wanted to read the first couple of pages since i 'd heard so much about it . after page three , i did n't want to put it down . now i 'm buying it for a friend . do n't think this play is a sappy collection of gushy girl talk or even romance-novel fodder . if you have ever been in love , you will recognize parts of yourself in this . it always stays true to its well-drawn characters , which is what makes the end so heartbreakingly wonderful
this book has a lot of information about how protecting wild areas works in wa and and an overview of the protections offered by the united states government . it then provides the inspiration to get people started through true stories of grassroots projects . while the book does n't list 1 , 2 , 3 , what needs to be done to start a grassroots movement , that should n't be expected , because all people have different motivations , and this book should be used as a tool to help you understand the basics of how these sorts of movements work . a must for anyone who wants to further understand washington state for all of its great wild places , or anyone for that matter , that is looking for inspiration on why wild areas should be protected . plus all of the proceeds go to a great cause
great book ... .my partners therapist recommended it for him to read it helps you to understand & deal with the problemseasy to read & understand
decadent stories to warm you up on a cold winters night . just the right amount of comedy and sexiness blended together for the right recipe for love . `` warm and soothing , sweet and sensual , these luxurious love stories will melt your cares away , and fulfill your most delectable dreams ... '' the quote on the back of the book hits the mark . these stories all share a love of chocolate and chemistry . although the stories may seem short and rushed at times , we must remember , it is an anthology and many feel that way . each story is a nice little break from the ordinary . hope you enjoy this book as much as i did . lori foster and suzanne forster deliver their best as always
i was very pleased with my order . the book was in excellent condition and i received the book in a timely manner . i would definately buy from this seller again
this book rocks ! every writer on this project knows how to create an image of the invictus . its just like i imagined it but better . the blood oaths are incredible and will add so much to my game . the subtlties of dress as outlined in the beginning of the story are already a part of my elysium and the book came out a scant week ago . this book will make your chronicle rock if the invictus are your antagonists they will be much better for you having read this if they are the majority of your pc 's ( like in my game ) get it now and tell your players to do the same . this is a must have for anyone who really wants to portray the byzantine politics of the requiem
on page 116 , formula 6.1 , the price formula for a bond is actually for a semiannual coupon bond , not as stated on the book , for annual coupon bond.as a consequence , the dv01 , duration and convexity formula it states are for semiannual coupon bonds as well . i think both tuckman and fabozzi 's books have their own pros and cons . tuckman 's book touchs more on the trading , which is interesting . although it could be less rigorous in terms of treating the formulas . i own both books .
the book gives you the tech you need , in terms you can understand . calder is very impressive in his ability to impart knowledge to the layman . do n't however , assume this is just fluff overview , because it truly is the down and dirty of how it works and how to maintain it .
this town feels so typical at first -- the suburban couple , husband with misc . job and wife who 's good at parties . the gem in cheever 's writing is to render these people and their neighbors with the true unique humanity and quirks we all possess . sometimes cheever 's work can seem stereotypical , everyone drinking gin and having weird suicidal urges . this book , though , is a masterful blend of truly normal people and the creepy backstory that lives next door
along with `` from science to god '' mr russell establishes himself as one of the masters of spiritual reawakening . although this piece has more doomsday in it than his later work , it has the same hopeful message and the same readability . in both books mr russell never seems to lose the reader in scientific mumbo jumbo , even when discussing very complicated subjects . that is n't a statement on his intelligence or research , but rather on his ability to communicate on all levels . neither does he offend when he deals with the spiritual aspects of his writings . in short everyone can sit around his table ( well , almost everyone ) . read'em twice .
this full complement of these classic right hand exercises is found in scott tennant 's `` pumping nylon '' , which also provides an appropriate context in which to use giuliani 's studies..
bailie draws on rene girard 's theory of foundational violence as the generative cultural force , and explores its modern effects on a culture no longer enthralled by ritual or sacralized violence . i found especially compelling the newspaper accounts of violent acts which have taken place within my own memory . bailie uses these along with historical accounts of scapegoating to illustrate his theory , producing a hard-hitting indictment of all forms of violence , whether isolated actions or legalized responses to a violent act . increasingly , i find it difficult to distinguish between an act of violence and an act of retributive justice . i have not read a newspaper account of a violent encounter the same way since reading violence unveiled , nor do i react to photojournalism with my previous detachment . the impact stays with me , despite the fact that i read the work initially two years ago when i borrowed it from a friend . i now have my own copy , heavily underlined and notated in the margins with thoughts spawned by bailie 's excellent analyses . provocative and insightful
stu 's wit and cleverness shines through on every page , making what could be only drab descriptions into entertainment even for those who know these tricks by heart . if you like this , get a copy of stuart crump 's *it 's yo-yo time ! * which includes not only tricks , but history , articles , and fiction on yo-yos -- all of top quality
what if you 're a runaway secret agent , really , really , really tired of the war . then some geek tells you he 's found a genuine martian artifact leading to a spaceship . what would you do ? annoyingly , as you set out to recover the spaceship , there 's just a little bit of sabotage . and there 's the war , still . and then there 's the spaceship . and you uncover something of why the martians have abandoned space as you know it.it 's takeshi . taking the lead . uncovering a big secret . trying to find a way out of war , only to discover there 's been little change since the martians left . no change , really . there 's still a war..
finally a book to deal with all those nasty pathetic ignorant people . i bought this book as i wanted a way to get even with morons i deal with day in & day out . this book has been a godesend to me.all i can say is thankyou robert m bramson for wrting this book.everybody who deals with people should buy this book . excellent for office workers customer services and whoever thinks they need it . buy it
as teachers , we all get frustrated with the limited technology in our schools . we have the equipment , but it is n't adequate for all of us to use . larry cuban explores this problem in great detail , offering an explanation as to why the billions of dollars spent across the nation on computers is n't improving academic performances . he also offers solutions as to what the nation needs to do to remedy this situation . a very thought provoking piece ! if only our politicians would read it
this is the second novel in the mystery series featuring marcus didius falco , an informer and sleuth . a series of books that have become hugely popular , so much so that the author is now at the forefront of historical mystery writers . it was probably a stroke of genius on her part to have novels that are extremely well researched and contain all the elements that would be and should be found in rome in ad70 , but to have a lead character who has the vocabulary of a present day new york cop.in this novel the hero marcus didius falco has returned from the remote island of britannia , a god forsaken place whose people are morose and surly and the weather , well the weather is best left to its own devices . marcus has lost his heart to senator 's daughter helena but is not sure that the passion he feels is reciprocated . why is that women he is not interested in , fall over themselves to get to him , but the one that he has lost his heart to , treats him with a cool disdain ? he has not long returned to the welcoming arms of rome before a series of fatal accidents and things that go bump in the night convince falco and the emperor that there are traitors still conspiring and they must be brought to book . falco is not happy , it seems he must leave his beloved rome yet again , but the conspirators are serious about their plans and will not let anyone stand in their way . will falco ever return . .
i did a course on quantum theory in the 1970s with john ward who was recommended for the nobel prize in 1965 ( feynman , schwinger and tomogana shared it ) . those close to the action will know of ward 's identity . john ( died in 2002 from memory ) used feynman 's lectures as his course notes.i must confess a soft spot for feynman . i would have loved to have been in his lectures ( buy his audio tapes and you will get the feel for his delivery ) . he was truly a great physics communicator and often understated his mathematical abilities ( after all he had won the putnam prize at some stage so he was no mathematical slouch ) .his development of qed is simple to understand and that says it all about his genius . he took the view that if he could n't give a simple explanation then he really did n't understand the topic . the current crop of tool polishers should heed this.anyone who is really serious about physics ( and maths ) should read the original papers and this is a classic example . i suggest that you fill in the gaps in the derivations . if you ca n't do that then you have n't really understood it.it is fascinating to compare feynman 's approach with schwinger 's more abstract approach . i prefer feynman 's but schwinger does a hugely impressive job in stripping qed down to its logical ( almost truth functional ) essentials.buy this book and see how a first class mind works.peter haggstrombondi beach australia
( 3.75 ) the other reviews can reveal what this book is about . what i wanted to share is the extreme responses this book incited in my boyfriend and me . he alternately found himself loving the narrator , yuriko 's sister , for her brutal honesty and hating her for her malice and psychological bullying of kazue . meanwhile , i found myself rooting the narrator on as she spoke the cruel truth about the pitiful hopelessness of kazue 's meritocratic dreams , but a moment later i wondered if that made me a bully myself or as bitter and heartless as the narrator . perhaps it reminded me too much of what i had seen growing up to shock me.then , there was the simultaneous hilarity and pain of kazue 's cluelessness . was she a tragic figure , blind , or both ? i admired kirino for inspiring me to feel so much for her characters , even for yuriko , who is certainly not the ditsy airhead her older sister wants us to believe she is ( i also found it hard to believ she was as ghastly as she considered herself in her 30s : is it just because women past 25 in japan are regarded as christmas cake , as a friend from japan says ? ) .my attention was quite strained by zhang 's tale of chinese hardship ( it seemed the wrong book to educate the reader about how difficult it is for immigrants in japan ) , but i immediately forgave kirino when yuriko 's older sister admitted herself zhang 's account was tedious and could be skipped ( i 'd recommend others to skim it as well ) .again , my patience was tested by kazue 's journal : i just kept on thinking , are n't you ready to die yet ? but i see this was intentional on kirino 's part , to make the reader struggle between our ( or my ) wanting kazue to just give up on life and our feeling ashamed for our coldness and complicity in her bullying . it also made my boyfriend and me think concurrently of the people we loved in our own lives who were heading towards the same fate as kazue and yuriko , not through prostitution but through drugs.what did disappoint me in the end was the last chapter , which seemed a cop-out . if only an editor had suggested it was unconvincing and encouraged her that an alternative , though more shocking , would be more in line with the narrator 's character , but that is wishful thinking on my part . when i give this book to others , which i will , i will make sure to discuss with them , when they 've finished , what they thought of the ending.this book could have been edited down a hundred pages ( back when it was written in japanese ) , but for what it did offer , i have no regrets for its consuming my attention entirely and will always look forward to further translations of kirino 's books . this book may not be the masterpiece `` out '' was , but for anyone who has gone to an elite school on scholarship , striven to remain a petite zero , wanted to excel while recognizing how off-the-mark our values of judgment are , or wondered just how much her body could be worth , reading `` grotesque '' is just as powerful an experience as reading `` out '' was
finally a book just for woman athletes ! i have had sports related injuries in the past and now i know what to do to prevent them . i thought the information was great and presented in a concise and easy to follow manner . i recommend this book to highly
i think this is the best book that i have ever read . i thought that the civil war was very , very boring but when our class started to read bull run i knew that i was wrong . the way that paul fleischman writes he would leave you wanting to read more . from the way paul fleischman described the characters to the words that paul flesichman use to set the tone of the characters he just seem to draw a cool picture of what is going on in your minds eye . each character has a different story of the war and of life . i would suggest this book to anyone who is learning about the civil war . it supplies you with a lot of information you might not get in the history book and tells it in a way that makes you want to learn . this book was excellent from the first page i read . even though this novel is very brilliant , some people might not like it . if they can not wait to know what happens to a favorite character , like one of my favorite characters dietrick herz . he had the funniest voice i ever heard . when paul fleischman leaves you hanging he really leaves you hanging . but the only way to find out the ending is to read the entire book and find out what happens for yourself . and trust me it will be worth your while this truly is a magnificent book . the best that i have ever read and if i liked it then for surely you will love it too , trust me . before i read bull run i had only read books with one or two characters and this type of book was really , really new to me . i had to get use to it a little but since it was n't very hard to read it only took a short time to adjust to the bull run story by paul fleischman . some of the characters that i really liked was toby boyce because he had a good attitude on trying to learn how to use the fife . another was carlotta king because she had a very spunky voice in this story like how the yankees would get rid the of the law so that the slaves could be free and be in control of there own religion and what i mean by that is they can practice there own religion . another one of my favorite characters is vergil peavy . i think that he was my favorite character because of the way he sounds in the story . in the story he sounds like he 's from texas also the way how he talks about the war like they were the big war heroes . and my last favorite character is shem suggs because he was the lonly one who likes to talk about horses and to horses also what they are like who they should be with . shem suggs is the person who takes care of all the horses , that he watches pretty much like baby sitting the horses . but the reason i really really like him is because he minds his own business and does n't talk to people about the war and the politics all he talks to are his friends which are the horces . that is the reason why i like shem suggs the best out of all the other characters the best because he is smart
inspirational , insightful , funny . answers the age old question , `` but i 'm just one person ; can i really make a difference ? ''
yes , ben witherington is a ( relative ) conservative , but do n't hold that against him . yes , he has strong opinions , but do n't hold that against him , either , because they are well argued . the fact remains that this is the best overview of `` third quest '' jesus scholarship i have been able to find . admirers of the jesus seminar may not appreciate his critique , but it is very fair and well-thought out . one of the benefits from a book like this , besides giving interested parties a launching pad for further research , is that the different views of jesus can help one achieve a well-rounded portrait of the savior . no one scholar gets it right all the time ( not even witherington , with his own view of jesus as god 's wisdom ) , but the different insights are valuable , because jesus is bigger than what any one person can comprehend . that should be a cause for humility ( something some jesus scholars have lacked , at least in print ) . i highly recommend this book for anyone interested in contemporary jesus scholarship
wonderful writing style , not hard to understand explains most catholic beliefs and is a bullseye buy
i really enjoy all of mary engelbreit 's books and my little girls do , too . we like to look at them over and over again . this book is full of ideas from recipes , to summer crafts , to gardening , and to sewing so that you can make your home an interesting place to visit
this book was an amazing account of the spanish in north america . many of the themes that occur during this time period occur in almost every time period and place . dealing with religious intolerence , slavery , econmoy , unification , and the influence of all people on one another this book captures everything . themes this book expresses about this time period are even more evident in today 's information age as more people from different backgrounds and heritages come together on the internet . this was a good book to read , and made it easy to see the flaws and benefits of the past showing what not to , and what to , repeat
what do you do when the world is coming to an end right before your very eyes , but no one seems to believe you ? that is the concept facing dr. thomas more , distant relation to the famous/infamous saint thomas more , in walker percy 's novel `` love in the ruins '' . the united states is at a time of crisis , but few seem to understand the implications of the events unfolding around them . it is up to dr. more , who knows how to diagnose the problem , but not necessarily treat it , to try to prevent the chaos from happening.the story begins on a hot fourth of july , with doc staking out the abandoned howard johnsons motel in town . in three separate rooms he has cocooned his three paramours and he is waiting for an event that he knows is going to happen ; an event that could very possibly bring about the end of the world . the novel then shifts back in time to the three previous days , tracing doc 's journey that led him to seek refuge at the motel . the reader learns that he has created a ontological lapsometer , a sort of `` stethoscope of the human spirit '' , through which he can diagnose exactly what ails a person 's soul , and finally discovers how to treat it . meanwhile , there is a revolution brewing ; the bantus and love children are ready to take over what the white man has destroyed , if a major catastrophe does n't befall everyone before that can happen . `` love in the ruins '' is a truly southern novel , crafted through percy 's intelligence and tempered with the same absurdity that is a trademark of great southern writers such as percy and flannery o'connor . the reader must suspend disbelief as to the events unfolding , even though they are frighteningly realistic , and not so far-fetched in this present day . percy 's hero doc more is an antihero on par with those of hemingway ; flawed , prone to drink , forever chasing after women who are wrong for him . this novel is his coming-of-age , in a sense , because doc learns what it is he wants out of life , and how to best achieve that . subtitled `` the adventures of a bad catholic at a time near the end of the world '' , `` love in the ruins '' is a deliciously funny and poignant look at a near-apocalyptic america
i first heard this story as a part of a sermon given to a congregation of mixed ages . the children were enthralled with the illustrations ( as were many adults ) but the `` message '' was deeply felt by the `` older '' child in all of us there . it is the message that no one really knows how much influence they have . mole was just doing something that really intrigued and interested him , and brought him pleasure . he wished that he could influence others , but never knew what his music did for the world . maybe this is true for each of us as we pursue what we really have a passion for . the message is true for children and adults alike . i will share this with my young 8 year old violinist friend , and from the pulpit . thank you , david mcphail
although this book is only 20 pages long , it contains helpful information about the concept of fair trade . americans have so much , and it is hard for us to imagine the degree of poverty in other third-world countries . rose ericson begins to introduce the subject of what fair trade means to these nations . to us it is only a $ 1 sometimes , but that $ 1 in a poor nation can supply food for a day to an entire family . in our hurry to accumulate material goods , we must be careful to not take advantage of the artisans and producers of these third-world nations . fair trade is a concept whose time has come
this is a colleciton of seven or so stories told by a mouse to mice about mice . it is one of those books that is simply fun to read , particularly to the wee ones at bed time . the illustrations are quite good and the nicest thing about the stories are that they are just about as much fun for the adult to read as it is for the kid . very nice illustrations , well done . recommend this one highly .
i should first confess my bias -- i have often been tickled and sometimes awed by mortimer 's way with english prose for 20 years . so , in picking up this book i had the high expectations one might have before meeting an old friend or beloved teacher . no disappointment . even if some of these essays are slightly less effervescent than others , all are at least wonderful , and several are both brilliant and touching . mortimer has given us a collection of short essays , conversational and often wryly funny , which he intends as a kind of spiritual bequeathal to his family and other heirs . the chapters range across a broad range of subjects , some perhaps outwardly frivolous , like the cooking of eggs . but in the main , mortimer touches on matters of great substance -- the nature of beauty , how to be happy , surprising ways in which our world has managed to be unjust , places and times for sex , how to dine sociably , the love of children , faith and reason , the terrors of the writer facing blank paper , and many more . i found these essays to be wise and absolutely delicious . i suspect that readers who have enjoyed rumpole , or mortimer 's other biographical essays like summer of a doormouse , or clinging to the wreckage , will be quite pleased with these sketches.mortimer may , sadly , be nearing the end of his life , but at present he seems to be on a literary tear . i , for one , wish him many more prolific years
as a social work psychotherapist , i recommend this book highly and with great confidence . i have a number of people i see individually or via phone consultation and have recommended they purchase this book as adjunct to the work we do together . peter understands and explains well the relationship between our emotional attachments and the `` thhings '' we collect . great insight and recommended
`` doctor livingstone i presume ? '' is undoubtedly one of the most well known quotes in history . very few people , however , are familiar with the history underlying the meeting of dr. david livingstone and henry morton stanley.this book details the lives of the two men and the historical background through which they were thrown together . livingstone , one of the foremost explorers of his day is searching for the source of the nile river . through a combination of bad luck , poor planning , disease , weather , natives , etc. , livingstone is virtually stranded on the banks of lake tangyanika.henry stanley , a newspaper correspondent undertakes a rescue mission at the direction of his publicity hungry publisher . this book details that mission and the international setting under which it took place . the perils of african exploration in the late 19th century can not be overstated . this book does an excellent job impressing this upon the reader . i found this book very similar in style and experience to undaunted courage ( which detailed the voyage of discovery undertaken by lewis and clark ) and river of doubt ( dealing with theodore roosevelt 's exploration of the amazon basin . if you enjoyed either of these books , you will like this one as well . if you read this book and enjoy it , i highly recommend the other two
this pocket companion serves as a concise overview of the most important facts & concepts from the parent textbook ( guyton 's textbook of medical physiology ) . however , it does not contain all the details or some clinical relevances , that 's why you have to go back to the parent textbok for furthur info
i first picked up this book because i 've always been interested in what young writers have to say . but i have to admit , even i was a little surprised . this story mind the mythicism , is a real representation of what young children 's minds sometimes go through . that idea of a person you fabricated , gaining more reality than necessary . congrats to ms. oyeyemi for her brilliant attempt to shine some light on this realm that few share conversations about.she is one i 'll keep in my mind for a while . if you like young writers , you should check out charles hedji 's fields of discovery . i 'm an avid reader once again
charles h. kahn 's account of the pythagorean philosophical tradtion , although less than 200 pages long , is well worth reading as what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality . in a concise , but intelligent , summary , kahn traces pythagoreanism from its semi-legendary founder through to such early modern scientists as copernicus and kepler . as a young academic who specialises in the pythagorean tradition i can recommend this work wholeheartedly to scholars , but as a latinist i must say i was disapointed by kahn 's treatment ( or lack of ) of this strand of western philosophy in late roman and medieval thought . but , this is still the best up to date history of pythagoreanism available in the english language
... i really was n't expecting a writer i would like almost as much as howard and mckenna ... what a great find ! if you like uber-alpha , warrior , edgy good-guy hero ( ex navy seal ) and a likable , feisty heroine , you have got to try this author . read this in one sitting
i teach second grade and my class just loved this book . chris van allsburg is one of our favorite authors but this is one of his best ! !
this book written by don brown is a wonderful children 's book . in this story , set in 1870 , mary kingsley uses her childhood to motivate her travels to africa . mary begins the story as a child , who is taking care of her ill mother . her father travels a lot , and is rarely home . although mary never attended school she loves to read and uses this to escape . mary , now an adult travels to africa which was a big accomplishment for a woman at that time . the book tells some of her experiences in africa . without revealing what happens at the end , i will tell you that mary has many experiences in this children 's book . she takes the reader through her life . the illustrations in the book help the reader visualize mary 's life . this is not my favorite children 's book , but i would highly recommend this book to any parent or child . it kept my interest and it is sure to keep yours
multiple reviewers of other washington biographies recommended this abridgement over the book they were reviewing . i am a reader , as claimed above , but i have not read any washington biography . i still thought the above information might be helpful to other seekers
for over three years i 've been studying buddhism and zen . during that time i 've ordered many books within the different buddhist schools . there are many fine authors out there that explain the tenets and fine workings of buddhism as well as zen . i believe a solid background in buddhism background is essential in understanding buddha 's message to mankind . however , the true `` nuts and bolts '' of buddhism practice can be found most directly in zen . it is one thing to know something about a religion or way of life yet it is another to be able to apply it . ezra bayda has most succinctly given the best instruction of how to apply zen to one 's life where we need it the most ; during those moments when we are gripped with our core pain . core pain is comprised of our anger , traumas , sadness , feelings of inferiority , etc . it is this core pain that can make our life a living hell . ezra examines these emotions and teaches us how we can mindfully learn to transform them in a way that truly works . instead of denying them or trying to escape them we learn that they are part of our path in life . and while it takes courage to be present with these emotions we learn that they are but old programs and often ancient belief systems that take us away from the genuine life we all deserve . at least one reader has referred to this as being like a self-help book . yet anytime we look for truth whether it be in religion or psychology , are n't we looking for something to help us . ezra offers us the tools to achieve transformation in our life . when i ordered this book i had hoped it would teach me how to truly apply zen teachings to my life . what i did n't realize is that the information this book contains would exceed anything i have read in any religious book , psychology book , or college text . another reviewer said `` where 's the zen '' in reference to the contents of this book . `` the zen '' is there on every page . while ezra does n't use the esoteric style of writing common in zen/buddhist teaching , his simple clearcut way of communication exemplifies the simpleness that zen is truly about . ezra 's other two books `` at home in the muddy water '' and `` saying yes to life '' are excellent as well and deepen your understanding of living mindfully and in the moment . a helpful hint , read his three books in chronological order with this book first . personally , i think that reading them in order adds to a person 's understanding and that each book acts like a foundation for the next . ezra bayda i have not had the honor of meeting you personally yet i thank you most sincerely for the gift of your writings . i bow to you for you are a master ! there are many of us i 'm sure that are looking forward to your future works . two other excellent zen books that teach mindful living and dealing with difficult emotions are `` beginning mindfulness : learning the way of awareness '' by andrew weiss and `` at hell 's gate : a soldier 's journey '' by claude anshin thomas . also , the writing 's of thich nhat hanh , a great man who highly influenced both of these authors , teaches the art of mindful living in a very understandable manner . good luck to you on the path .
this was an astounding book about an even more astounding woman , rachel shilsky , a.k.a ruth mcbride jordan . written by one of her 12 children , james , this book is both biography ( mother ) and autobiography ( child ) . a polish jew ( white ) who fled her oppressive surroundings in backwater virginia , ruth met and married two different black men and managed to raise 12 children in some extremely difficult circumstances in harlem , new york . not only did she start a baptist church with her husband , she coped with a regular dose of racism , some significant poverty and still managed to send 12 children to school ( all of whom became professionals , and productive citizens ) .the book is written by the son , but the voice of the mother is registered throughout ( in italic print ) . she evades all queries about her background , her family , in fact any of her history , and it is not until much later that the son uncovers her history ( abusive father , crippled mother ) and the reader is even more impressed with the fortitude and will that it must have taken this woman to make her own life in a community that was not of her economic , racial , or religious experience.although the book is ostensibly about this man 's childhood and his remarkable mother , it is also a fascinating glimpse of racism , religion and social exclusion in the black communities in new york in the 1960s . each of ruth 's children experienced a certain unease about their racially ` different ' mother and yet each became aware of who they were and what they were about.this book is just a marvelous read . full of funny and sad tales of a rather unique family life , mcbride 's work is a tribute to his extraordinary mother .
used this book all of the time in my german classes ! wish i had had this sooner , would have made everything a lot simpler . its easy to use , easy to understand , and great when you need to find something quick . this should be a book every college student , studying german , should be required to have
as a 6th grader i think i had this book permanently checked out of my school 's library for the entire year . great adventure and suspense , a fascinating look into another culture , an extraordinarily brave girl and her love for her dog , and a deeply satisfying ending -- a perfect combination . i 'm so glad it 's still in print
the opening of the mauritius command brings us some changes , especially for captain jack aubrey , who finds himself in the improbable role ( for him ) of husband and father of twins . unsuccessful and hapless in his domestic life , he immediately jumps at the chance to leave england and take over a new command . off the coast of africa , jack is promoted to commodore , putting him in command not just of his own ship but of a small fleet . in the course of the book , jack stretches his abilities to the fullest as the british vie with the french for possession of several small islands crucial to controlling the india trade . of course , dr. stephen maturin is on hand too . his facets as doctor , naturalist , and spy all come into play in the course of the novel . the previous novel , h.m.s . surprise , involved incredible physical suffering , loss , and rejection for stephen so it was nice to see him get a break in this installment . however , stephen is still haunted by what has happened to him . a dark current runs through him that no doubt will resurface in future books . the overriding issue explored in this novel is leadership and what it means to be a good leader . jack has to deal with two very different captains serving under him , one of whom is a silly and vain man who is kind and familiar with his men and thus beloved by them . the other is a brave commander who exercises brutal tyranny with those under his rule . the weaknesses of both men lead to very different disasters . in spite of the battles and some serious turns of event , the mauritius command involves more action and comedy and less angst than h.m.s . surprise , making it a lighter read .
i have read this book daily for almost 20 years . the original book , given to me in 1979 is somewhat worn and now i require a replacement . it has been and will remain my first reading each day
this has been a great tool in helping my kids understand why they should not eat junk ! highly recommended
generations of hate come together in this book . pete braga killed franklin mcmichael dead in a claim of self-defense in the summer of 1952 . the next generation carried on the tradition when gabriel mcmichael supposedly beat pete 's son , victor , so severely that he suffered permanent brain damage , rendering him with the iq of a ten-year old . the third generation was nave to all this hatred when thomas mcmichael fell in love with pete 's granddaughter patricia . the love of his life was driven away at a young age when grandfather pete refused to permit their love to blossom . while the mcmichael family existed in near poverety , the braga family thrived in power and money.so now thomas has a problem . the root of all his family 's hatred , pete braga , has been found dead . he was murdered by someone at his home . thomas has been assigned the case to find out who wanted the old man dead . given his many enemies , the list of suspects is long . it does n't help that the first suspect , sally rainwater ... pete 's personal nurse , becomes the object of thomas ' heart as the investigation unravels . the story twists and turns through many leads and many unexpected plot points as thomas mcmichael is determined , despite his family 's hatred of pete , to find out who is behind the killing and why . author t. jefferson parker does an excellent job in keeping the reader involved and interested in the story with his enthralling style . frederick a. babb
going to barsetshire is a delightful book , and a much-needed accompaniment to the thirkell novels . ms. snowden obviously spent a great deal of time reading the 29 novels in thirkell 's barsetshire series , and has produced a companion to the series that makes it very easy to keep track of the characters , places , and cultural references , especially for an american who is not well versed in mid-20th century english esoterica . i also enjoyed the writing style and the well-chosen quotes . in addition to the book 's comprehensive content is its straightforward layout and user-friendly format . this exemplary reference guide is not a flashy publishing house production , but instead keeps with the simple charm of barsetshire in its quality and overall appearance . the original cover art , showing an idyllic barsetshire scene , is lovely . i heartily recomend the book to all thirkell fans
we are in the last part of the 19th century in this novel , and the wild west has breathed its last . the book is peopled with real legends ( calamity jane , buffalo bill , sitting bull ) and fictional curiosities ( jim ragg and bartle bone - two mountain men , and no ears - an indian with exceptional eyesight ) . mcmurtry relates a sad , elegiac farewell to times past . the ever-interesting characters and their views of the world , which are wise and funny and fascinating , make the novel top-notch in the mcmurtry canon
the authors have done an excellent job in explaining testing methodologies for component based software . black box and white box testing methodologies have been explained particularly well.test automation and automation tools are also covered in great detail . the book also describes integration testing , regression testing and performance testing quite well . overall , this is one of the most comprehensive text books on this subject . i highly recommend it for both students and software professionals .
the hebrew , aramaic , and greek dictionaries are done very well , compared to the old strong 's concordance i have
our family has enjoyed this a lot , since we take a lot of trips in our rv . great way to entertain on the road . we really liked the questions about pop music and movies , also some great questions about the us presidents . very entertaining , clever
did we need a gore vidal reader ? the author is something of a long-winded blowhard , commenting at length ( and i mean length ) on every topic imaginable . in that respect he is america 's voltaire , creating reams of comment and interpretation on politics , the arts , and religion and morals . it 's hard to say where vidal fits in the framework of 20th century criticism , as he is not a conventional leftist . because of his iconoclasm , this collection can only inform the reader about gore vidal , not his times nor any intellectual or political movement . all that said , vidal is a great essayist and a droll wit . this book is much too much for the casual reader -- stick to one of his many shorter collections instead -- but for a vidal fan ( or , say , a reader of `` the nation '' ) this book is worth the time commitment
roger caras , a very talented writer and animal lover , takes us on a tour of thistle hill , his farm in northern maryland . anyone who loves cats , dogs and other animals will love this book . its gentle humor and compassion are quite absorbing . i must confess to a certain amount of jealousy , though -- i would love to have a home like thistle hill farm
this book has some of the most unique ideas for spending quality time with your mate . it has all the dates organized into categories based on how much time you have , how much money you want to spend , etc . then at the end of each date there are questions and focus excerises to bridge a communication gap
rather a funny novel , gets off to a slow start but the end is superb . worth reading
while i consider myself a regular theatre-goer , i 've always been aware of kramer 's plays and opinions , yet i have n't seen nor read either of these two plays . that changed this past weekend when i saw the revival of normal heart currently playing off-broadway . this is a viscerally emotional piece of theatre and it makes one feel impassioned about what was going on in the world then and sheds a new light as to what 's going on now in regards to the hiv/aids crisis . it 's a must red if you do n't have a chance to see it
this book is a really excellent source for anyone wanting to understand the reasons that saudi arabia is the way it is today . i was lucky to find my copy in a used bookstore . it does get a little tedious when discussing the business/oil aspects of the 1960 's and 70 's , but it 's well worth it . it 's a detailed history from start until publishing and that is definitely a relevant time .
lately there has been a lot of talk about how great ronald reagan was as a president . this book shows that this is not even close to being true . under his presidency we went from the number one loaner to the number one debtor in the world . him and his administration sold missles to iran inexchange for hostages and then illegally took that money to support contras in latin america . under his administrations hands off approach wall street ran wild with illegal and immoral practices . all this happened while his administration held down the poor and middle-class while giving the rich more money . it is debated whether reagan knew some of these things were happening hence the title of the book . it is a very good read and easy to fly through the whole book . the only complaint about it is the lack of an indept description of the savings and loan scandle and the dredded star wars program . recommended for anyone intrested in learning what happened behind the scenes of this presidency
a very difficult topic to cover , but one which is broadly researched and well presented
this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though.there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages.but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt.so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner .
after a quick internet search i found many reviews on amazon as well as several other sites for this book and called in an order for it at my local barnes & noble that same night . dr. whitley has written this book in the most responsible and informative way without having to charge his readers for individual sessions ! in my opinion this is a must read not only for parents of underachievers but also teachers and counselors . we have always tried to stress the same learning structure and goals as the teachers . however , if at home you are on dr. whitley 's 10-step track and the teachers are still on a reward and punishment system - the parent needs to be proactive in dealing with the teachers and endeavor to obtain their support as a united front.although the steps may seem to be a cumbersome process at first read and initial implementation - the constant image of `` mr. rogers '' in the back of my mind is quite calming and thus the process can become a destressor for the parents . of course , that may not be so for those parents of hard cases where the child is at the stage where he/she is capable of `` frightening '' resistance . obviously , professional help with someone in-tuned with dr. whitley 's methods would be more advisable than his book ! to me - this book is for the parents of students in 6th grade or less - and possibly 7-8th graders . these kids still have some moldability and are n't as likely to have other serious issues that could be the source of the problem ( i.e . depression ) .for the grammatically correct - the substance of the content of the book far outweighs any such errors that are more the fault of the editors than the author ; 0 )
i served in the army myself and although i have n't expirienced war myself i expirienced a lot during my service in the idf.this book takes you inside the heads and lives of the grunts who went through the hell of vietnam . the figures changes during the story and you learn more and more of them , feeling like you are walking in the jungles by them.someone told me this was a `` hard book to read '' and i did n't know what he 'd meant until i finished it . this is one of my favorite books and almost the only one i 've read more than once.a must for anyone interested in the vietnam war
it 's a beu
this is a highly informative and accurate book . it presents the data in a clear and graphic form , with a minimum of statistical manipulation . the studies cited by the previous reviewer , lloyd rowsey , are based on econometric modeling . since the one he mentions , two other econometric models of abortion and homicide have been published with opposite results . one is by ted joyce , the other by john lott and john whitney . econometric modeling can prove anything . if you want to understand crime in america in the 1990s , buy the crime drop
abel 's island is about a mouse named abel . he encounters a hurricane that separates him from his wife . after the storm , he ends up on an island where he can not escape because of the current surrounding the island . he tries many ways to return to the place he loves , but all fail . about a year after countless attempts to leave the island , a frog appears by accident . gover , the frog , becomes friends with abel and says he will come back with people to help abel . abel 's plans to return were very interesting . his methods were very creative so it held my attention . my favorite part was when he was fighting the owl . i found a similarity between abel and stuart little . both had to navigate water . stuart little was successful , but was abel ? read the book to find out .
qbq ! by john miller is simply amazing . this little book is a grand slam all the way ! qbq strips away all the excuses and reminds us again where it is the buck is supposed to stop . if you 're looking for an instruction manaual for leaders , here it is . people do n't need tricks , methods , myths or secrets ... what they really need is a tool that helps them step up to the plate and be accountable for their own results . one of the biggest weaknesses of the american workforce is the ability to accept responsibility and accountability for our own actions . bravo for qbq
when someone goes to the time and effort to expose the watertower bible company and death brokers , they get five stars from me . america is overflowing with former jehovah 's witnesses that are now living shattered lives . so , the more such books there are saturating the market , the more likely it is someone will read just the right book that will keep them from getting involved in this end of the world death-cult . or help a poor suffering jw find their way out . david reed , thank you for both of your fine books . may they be read far and wide and in between ! read i was a teenage jehovah 's witness and jehovah unmasked for two of the wildest rides ever !
i 've read many books on meditation and while each of them answers some of my questions , jack kornfield 's book , a path with heart , answers every one save those that must be experienced first-hand in one 's own time . his voice and advice is articulate , intelligent , humorous , open , patient and wise . he starts out by telling you a little about his own experience , goes on to cover the basics of vipassana meditation and then leads you bit by bit deep into the issues every meditator and spiritual seeker must face . what i love most about his teaching style is that he gives gentle , practical advice on the day-to-day , minute by minute stuff to do to explore , commit to , love being on the path . if my house were on fire and i had to grab only one book on my way out the door , it would be a path with heart
this is a great book . i could n't wait to see what was going to happen next and how all the mixups would be straightened out ! it is a very funny and delightful book , i hope there will be a sequel , we need to know what happens to these people , i feel like i know them
`` the climb '' was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur 's `` into thin air '' . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur 's book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that `` the climb '' seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as `` into thin air '' , `` the climb '' still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev 's english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding `` translations '' about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev 's native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur 's clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie `` everest '' .
miles vorkosigan 's cunning plan is to court the widow ekaterin . unfortunately the only way he knows how to take on projects is through military precision . miles is an idiot.mark vorkosigan 's cunning plan it to create a new enterprise using `` butter bugs '' , a genetically engineered bug that produces an edible tofu like substance . [ miles calls it `` bug vomit '' ] mark wants to help kareen kouldelka earn her way back to a beta colony school where he and she can continue exploring their relationship without cultural impediments.ivan vorpatril 's strait forward plan , [ ivan is n't known for 'cunning ' , ] is to propose to the lady donna . lord dono has something to say about that.lord dono has a cunning plan . but who the heck is lord dono ? ? surround the whole story with the pending marriage of emperor gregor and the lady laisa , and the vor are dropping like flies on bug butter.this vorkosigan adventure has no military campaigns , no threats of death , [ well ... not really . ] it does have all of the intrigue and mess-pionage that you could expect with the over abundance of cunning plans.you 'll suffer for miles , and then cheer at the inevitable outcome . ekaterin is no shrinking violet ! do n't mess with her ! a civil campaign is a terrific read ! [ a previous reviewer commented on the cover 's inaccuracy in depicting mile 's stature . actually i believe the couple on the cover are meant to be emperor gregor and the lady laisa . it 's their wedding after all . if that 's the case then the cover would be okay . ] shards of honorbarrayar { hugo winner } the warriors apprenticethe vor game { hugo winner } cetagandabrothers in armsborders of infinitymirror dance { hugo winner } memorykomarr-a civil campaign- { this review } diplomatic immunity
if your looking to increase your personal level of joy and harmony in life , implement the teachings of the 3 frames in this book.manny padro salt lake city , uta
the author not only argues for feminism , but she does so in a unique manner , and innovative approach by arguing for feminism across borders . she compares and defines literary and national borders . this book is extremely thorough on all aspects of chicana feminist writing available , by engaging historical theories as well as contemporary notions . to really grasp the experience , the author has certainly covered her basis in terms of depth , substance , truth and validity .
this book is a very good resource for parents of underachievers , former underachievers , and anyone who wants to understand the success of their child . having read other reviews by readers discounting this book and discounting human psychology itself , i was compelled to write my own review . no one blames parents , especially dr. rathvon they do the best they can with what they 've got ; mental resources specifically . this book is for anyone who knows that their child is capable of so much more . it is never too late to fix , polish , and fine tune a learning mind . every student has the ability to achieve
a few years ago , i had the pleasure of meeting pam munoz ryan at a summer arts children 's storytelling forum held at california state university - fresno . she read the book to parents , teachers , and students who attended the conference . i was amazed on the writing , culture , and illustrations that she used for this book . the novel serves as a tale of her childhood spending time with her family at her grandmother 's house . overall , the story teaches children the value of traditions , family , and heritage . in short , `` mice and beans '' is a good book to read
moral consciousness and communicative action is the primary anglophone source for habermas 's writings on `` discourse ethics . '' written in the early eighties , this translation , which was published in 1990 , provides a developmental perspective . the focus of the essays moves from habermas 's statements about the role of philosophy today , in `` philosophy as stand-in and interpeter , to his writing on reconstructive social science in general , to his program for a discourse ethics in particular . the final papers address criticisms of this program . the volume suffers a bit from the fact that thomas mccarthy 's introduction is keen to locate habermas 's position vis a vis various contemporary moral-philosophical standpoints , but does not go very far toward locating the whole initiative in the broader canvas of habermas 's overarching social-theoretic project
this is the book that trackers and naturalists have needed for a long time . it 's finally here and it 's outstanding ! now when i take apart an owl pellet i 'll be able to determine what the owl was eating , and hence what small wildlife is abundant in that area . and when i 'm out and discover part of a skull from a mammal , bird , amphibian , or reptile , i 'll be able to find what that is too . mark elbrock has done it again : an instant classic , and a book that all trackers and naturalists should have in their collection
this book is for anyone who has ever questioned their faith , lost a loved one , or yearned to understand life just a bit more . sarah darer littman has captured justine silver , a confused jewish girl , within the pages of confessions of a closet catholic.justine is surrounded by her faith , but no one seems to celebrate it the same way . her parents have one idea , her grandparents another . and then there are all those other religions -- which way is the `` right '' way ? bewildered by this , justine seeks answers by deciding to adopt her best friend 's catholic beliefs . with the help of father ted ( a stuffed animal ) , a secretly purchased rosary , and a `` stolen '' cross necklace , jussy turns her closet into her own private `` confessional '' . what will happen when her family finds out ? littman humorously and compassionately shows the readers justine 's life as she struggles with her religious questions , her neat-nick mother , and , sadly , the death of her beloved grandmother . readers might not find out all the answers from justine , but they will definitely know they are not alone in the mysterious world of religion.reviewed by : sally kruger , aka `` readingjunky
i like this author 's work so much that i actually bought the hard cover since i could n't wait for the pb to be issued . however , p. d. james ' view of life as expressed by her characters can be very pessimistic at times ( a contrast to her autobiography ) . in this one , there is still the feeling that the characters are going through the motions of living , never really feeling any joy -- or often even happiness . however , when adam and emma come together at the end , there was a ray of hope . please , ms. james give us a new book asap
this was an inspiring book for a horse lover and christian . everything was as advertised
there 's no much to say about this book . everything is already said . and it is still the best book in the field . well done , nancy ! ! ! sead malicevic , m
i am a calligrapher and i am always looking for poems and prayers to write and have framed and then present to the newlyweds . i was excited when i opened the book and read some of the beautiful verses . i tell you i am in a calligrapher 's heaven . my brother is a minister and as the `` wedding season '' is approaching i will be ordering a copy for him . if i could rate this book higher than the 5 stars i would . thank you , thank you , thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! !
it is basically a short review of the great book written by zahn . i recommend the novel and this as a refresher for later times
i once read an article in horn book magazine ( a review source of titles and articles on children 's literature ) that lamented the millions of poor translations of hans christian andersen polluting the minds of our young people today . the review mentioned that stories like , `` the snow queen '' , which were originally written in a snappy vernacular , have been dumbed down and drained of all energy by their american translators . with this idea fresh in my mind i found myself in possession of a very particular copy of `` the snow queen '' and i was able to test this theory myself . now due to the wacky nature of amazon.com , the website has lumped together the reviews of every single version of this anderson story . you will see that some of the reviews refer to nilesh mistry 's , some refer to the audio book , some to eileen kernaghan 's , and some ( god help us all ) to mary engelbreit . none of these , however , are the version that i am reviewing . after careful consideration , i selected the edition retold by amy ehrlich and illustrated by susan jeffers . the ehrlich/jeffers team has banded together to bring us every fairy tale from thumbelina to cinderella . with this 1982 classic edition , they bring all the creepy and crawly elements of andersen 's riveting tale to a kind of tame middlebrow life . most people do n't remember that `` the snow queen '' begins when the devil creates a mirror that reflects everything good as bad . by a quirk of fate the mirror is smashed one day ( the details of this accident are left unclear ) and the tiny pieces go spinning into the atmosphere . if these splinters enter your eye , everything will look ugly to you . if they enter your heart , it will turn instantly to ice . got it ? good . cause sure enough , two small pieces enter the eye and the heart of a boy named kai . when this happens he stops playing with his best playmate gerta and instead falls under the seductive spell of the mysterious and magnificently pale snow queen . gerta goes in search of her friend but is waylaid by a variety of different adventures . she escapes an overly loving old witch , is taken in by a prince and princess , falls into the power of a thief girl and her kin , and at last saves kai from the snow queen herself . by the end of the book , neither kid is a child any longer and their home is just as they left it . obviously `` the snow queen '' is one big ole story about growing up . the idea of the devil 's mirror causing someone to despise anything they see and grow a suddenly cold heart ... well that 's just another way of describing adolescence , is it not ? andersen obviously borrowed quite a lot from that classic old tale , `` east of the sun , west of the moon '' , in which another girl goes off to save the man she loves from the machinations of a wicked woman . heck , `` tam lin '' was probably an influence as well . the best version of this particular story i ever read was by kara dalkey . it was a tale named , `` the lady of the ice garden '' and can be found in `` firebirds : an anthology of original science fiction and fantasy '' . it is not , however , appropriate for children . kids today will probably look at `` the snow queen '' and instantly think of the white witch from `` the lion , the witch , and the wardrobe '' . i can not think , however , that this is a bad thing . as for the jeffers/ehrlich version , it 's all right . as an illustrator , jeffers has apparently decided to make kai and gerta definitely children . i guess that lowers the creepiness factor when the snow queen lures the boy to her sleigh and wraps him in her furs . jeffers really captures beautifully every diamond in the snow queen 's dress and every strand of her white white hair . there is the odd stylistic choice here and there , though . when gerta surprises the prince and princess in their bed , it is not your typical mattress affair but rather large his and her flower petals . i ca n't think that they 're comfortable ( or even particularly practical ) . the illustrations have been created , according to the book , `` using a fine-line pen with ink and dyes . they were applied over a detailed pencil drawing that was then erased '' . as a result , the book is as soft as a colored pencil , but with a level of detail and intricacy normally associated with pen and ink . obviously i do n't know enough about the original version of `` the snow queen '' ( or , as andersen called it , `` sneedronningen '' ) to know whether or not this book is a worthy version to read to your tots . at any rate , it tells the full story , warts and all , and will provide them with what may well be the most freudian-toned fairy tale ever to grace their little brains . a fun edition of a rather odd tale
[ ... ] if you are curious about the cambridge patonists , patrides carefully edited selection of texts gives you the cream of the crop ! - benjamin whichcote , ralph cudworth , john smith , henry more et al . - material reprinted from the original texts , complete with all the archaic but fascinating english spellings . the texts are fully annotated with comparisons and references to a wide range of cognate works . if you are reading the cambridge platonists as part of an academic exercise or are otherwise familiar with their milieu , well and good . you will know what to expect . i think it is worth saying something here - for the general reader . i am sufficiently 'unmodern ' ( or perhaps 'un-postmodernist ' ) toread the cambridge platonists because i think they still have something valuable to say ! not everyone would agree with me - but , i think the portrait of benjamin whichcote which graces the cover of this book ( and the frontispiece ) says something about the sort of men we are dealing with . ( the portrait still hangs in the gallery at emmanuel college , cambridge ) . there is composure in that expression . it seems to infuse the whole being of the man . it is the expression of a mind which has found calm waters , seen eternal verities . one of the papers in this book - ralph cudworth 's , was preached as a sermon before the house of commons ( i.e . the british parliament ) . things are different with us today . we are no longer certain of eternal verities . it seems almost incomprehensible - now , to think that when the cambridge platonists were expounding their ideas in the 17th c. , they were touching on matters of concern to most thinking people.religion and science had not yet parted company ( despite being called a 'father of modern science ' in school books , issac newton was a deeply religious man , very much in tune with the ideas of the cambridge platonists ) . the great beauty of the cambridge platonists , is their calm confidence , their utter conviction that there are eternal verities , that reason and faith are complementary faculties . thus , on the one hand , they looked back to the philosophers of antiquity ( strictly speaking , they are neo-platonists , taking in everything between plato , plotinus , ficino/renaissance thought , even hermeticism ) - and the legacy of christianity , while on the other hand - they were alive to the emerging 'scientific ' spirit , the renewed quest to understand the principles ordering the phenomenal universe . for them , there was an intelligent - and intelligible order in the universe . for them , reason ( capital r ) still had its pre-kantian , classical sweep . 'reason ' was not a mere idea in the head , an itching in the cranium , but presupposed the divine nous ( intellect ) , intimately connected with the activity of a divine energy ( energeia ) informing the pattern of the universe . we find them preaching against false religious 'enthusiasm ' - as soundly as they preached against atheism . `` good men spiritualise their bodies ; bad men do incarnate their souls. `` `` we are no more than second causes ; and our suffiency is only in god , who is the first . a second cause is no cause , divided from the first. `` - benjamin whichcote .
this book covers all the elements of game theory , emphasizing intuition over mathematical formalism . the philosophical aspects are also given a thorough treatment . the 8 appendices provide a more formal exposition of several key concepts such as the minmax theorem , the geometry of equilibria and linear programming . the book has not changed much since its publication in 1957 , but it is by no means archaic . even for those who have a modern and more rigorous textbook , `` games and decisions '' is highly recommended as a supplement . there is something for everyone in it
after getting and reading primary target as a gift , i immediately began picking up other joe weber books . defcon one , his first , was absolutely terrific . great plot line and characters . the action is continuous throughout . my suggestion is not to pick up this book to read up before going to bed because you 'll never put it down . looking forward to reading his next - shadow flight . my hat 's off to joe weber . keep up the great work
this is by far my favorite novel by forster , and many rereadings have made it one of my favorite novels , period . in his first book , forster shows a subtlety and lightness of touch which i , at least , feel that he lost as he got more self-consciously `` philosophical '' in later books like howard 's end and a passage to india . he makes wonderful use of the italian settings and of italian art , bringing them to vivid life , undermining tourist cliches , and weaving them gracefully into his main themes . no other book i know balances romanticism and irony so perfectly
i learned more about human resource methodology in corporations from each chapter.great summaries about corporations in the public eye.good case history and citing of heuristicsfor running any good learning organization.you learn the basics for management 2000.my professor used this bookfor the university of phoenix.i really enjoyed learning about the various theories and paradigms for modern managers.i found the case histories useful for analysisand my papers . a book for the future cio 's , ceo 's and hr directors within us all
i would recomend this book to anyone , it is fantastic and funny . it made me laugh . it really took my imagination on an adventure . you really need to read this book .
the previous review is clear about the value of this translation . knowing a bit of german , i can say that this translation does use shapes instead of forms for gestalten . the real value of the work beyond the translation , however , especially for first time readers , is found in the notes made by david luke . these notes are helpful for the historical context , allusions to goethe 's personal life and work , and allusions to philosophy , literature , and more ... all essential to understanding the work
i really did enjoy reading this book , cover-to-cover . it 's very touching and very informative . it will change your ideas about a lot of things . the writer along with other expert contributors have done a great job bringing out all of these real moving stories . i would recommend this book for every human being who cares about other fellow human beings
the book was less than i expected and it is brand new thanks a lot
this is by far my 2 year old son 's favorite book and he has lots of them . whenever it 's time to read to him he says `` toot toot '' and i know that means he wants to have this book read to him , sometimes several times in a row . the illustrations are wonderful , and there is all sorts of stuff going on if you look closely . an all around great , fun book , i highly recommend this book
peter balakian 's book , `` black dog of fate , '' tries to be too many thingsand sadly fails at many of them . in essence , it is an attempt to tell a sort of armenian-american story which i find not overly interesting or compelling . i wish the author had done a bit more in-depth work to learn about his people and their rich heritage before embarking to represent itor explain it or share it with non-armenians , for he has much more to absorband understand himself first . i find the armenianness in this book to be tentative , unengaged and unconvincing . pity , since the author seems to have a lot of passion in his pursuit of other aspects of his life such as football , the yankees , modern poetry , and exposing turkish attempts tobuy ( among others ) princeton professors to act as mouthpieces givinglegitimacy to their vile historical revisionism , practiced by the `` modern '' turkish state and its organs.it seems to be all the rage these days to elevate personal histories and family testimonials into the realm of fiction and novels . the `` i '' and `` we '' and `` us '' occupy center stage and the reader is invited to enjoy the intimacy that must surely be in place via this artifice . but is it realy ? since in order to make this legitimate , the writer must distance himself , at least initially , from all this old world exotica , and like the reader , question their validity or relevance in present day north american society . what are all these old world , old fashioned ghosts and traditions ? , is the first cry of writer and reader alike , only , ofcourse , to be followed by a sharp bank turn where the writer steers the satisfied and in-placereader towards the opposite viewpoint wherein *this* culture and *this*lifestyle become suspect in light of some tentative spotting of cultural wealth that has been traded in or abandoned in order to swim swiftly towards materialistic , memory-free , self-redefining , `` comfort '' seeking and buying mores.in the balakian tale , one encounters suburbia instead of substance , worldly goods acquisition instead of deep roots that steady the soul , immediate family and relatives running away from their true identities eithertowards surrealism , the abstract and unemotional , or else towards medicine , respectability and detachment . young balakian observes but neverunderstands `` the grandmother '' for she is shielded culturally from beingable to reach him by her very offsprings who can not and will not instillthe armenian identity he will eventually seek but never quite find . theircrime is self-denial and a march to the tune of america 's mixmasterpiper . `` be unlike your past and your future will be brighter , '' seems to be what america promises , at the very least . the intermediate generation listensand adopts this credo and peter is left to find out but never quiteunderstand just what cost his ancestors have paid to remain armenian andto preserve our culture before the final denials on new jersey pateos whileenjoying , as if to serve sweet irony , full course armenian meals and themixing aromas of delicacies from the old country every sunday.peter is lost alright , but as the book sadly shows , he remains lost.paraphrasing or quoting ambassador morgenthau does not an armenian genocideexpert make . personal family testimonials of the turkish atrocities doesnot a genocide history make ( for that , read vahakn dadrian 's `` the history of the armenian genocide '' berghahn books , 1995 ) . episodic accounts can be dismissed by the turks as hear-say and as mere isolated incidents , leading to more harm than good ( for if better evidence existed , the arguement goes , why would anyone resort to such flimsy fare ? ) . for the story to haveworked , for the story to have *really* worked , as i would have liked it to , balakian 's life and lifestyle would have had to have changedsignificantly and his child rearing practices would have had to reflect it , and his relationship with his wife who , like him , is not leading a stronglyarmenian existence , would have had to have changed , solidifying his roots , celebrating his new found identity , and nurturing the metamorphosis bysustained community involvment and grass roots movement participationwhich , alas , never appear on the pages of this book . how else to explainthe lack of a turning around of the tide of assimilation to which balakianis a grand personal witness , except that the transition has not occured ? the ship of armenianness sails by balakian . he is finally aware enough tobe able to identify the ship and wave it goodbye and write about it , butnot resolved enough to climb aboard . that is how the book fails and that ishow his story fails . this is a story of assimilation and loss with a bit ofmid stream self awareness thrown in . for a real story of an armenianfinding his roots and letting them take root in his own life and future , read mark arax 's book , `` in my father 's name ( simon & schuster , 1996 ) , '' where the transition is real and the early youth of disaffection isreplaced by a profound adoption of our essence revealed in exquisitefrankness and power by mark arax . one can only hope that balakian'spartial reorientation towards our culture and traditions and essence will somehow continue and that some day he will wish to live with a more meaningfulattachment to our cause and needs than merely as an able observer ( notwithstanding his laudible actions as an april 24th -- armenian genocidecommemoration speaker and an exposer of turkish infiltration in the usacademic arena by buying spokesmen turned professors who mascarade asunbiased researchers ) . this criticism i direct to the predecessor of thisgenre of american armenian writing first and to balakian second . i speakhere of `` passage to ararat '' by michael arlen ( hungry mind republication,1996 ) where a disinterested soit-disant armenian goes to armenia in the70 's and by the end of the short trip is somewhat more closely touched bythis strange people 's woes and dreams . too little , too late , and alwaysdetached , is all i can say to these meagre displays of ethnic or culturalreorientation . much more needs to be absorbed before the essence istransmitted to future generations to take and behold.however , i remain hopeful that future transformatory stories and ethnicidentity survival stories *will be* written which will show that the tideof assimilation and cultural abandonment are not the only outcome of thisexperiment of transplanting peoples and cultures to this continent weproudly call our home
if it 's an animation career you 're aiming for , do n't set your sights without consulting your career in animation : how to survive and thrive . animation is now a big-ticket industry to be in offering big opportunities for new artists - but conversely , it offers far more complexities than in the past . 100 professionals from the industry provide their tips and experiences through interviews with an award-winning filmmaker , creating a comprehensive guide that follows a career from school to the real world . from networking tactics to unemployment and learning on the job , your career in animation is the perfect item of choice for any who dream of breaking into the business.diane c. donovancalifornia bookwatch
`` typee '' is based on melville 's experiences when , as a young man of 22 , he `` jumped ship '' from an american whaling vessel on the island of nukuheva in the marquesas islands of the south pacific . it is written in a straightforward narrative manner , but it is a work of fiction , not a journalistic report , something that is often overlooked . while , like `` moby dick '' , it contains lots of factual details , mostly quite accurate as confirmed by subsequent research , it is a much more complex tale than it appears to be on the surface.for a first novel , written when melville was only 27 years old , the narrative power is quite impressive , as for example in his description of the escape from the ship over the mountains to the valley of the typee . in the early chapters , themes of peace , beauty , and sensuality are combined with melville 's righteous indignation at the activities of western military and religious intruders to create the illusion of an earthly paradise . gradually dread , loneliness , horror , and fear of annihilation come to the fore , as `` tommo '' , the protagonist , becomes convinced that he is being kept for eventual eating at a ritual cannibal feast . he is finally rescued almost by chance , and because of conflict among the typees.i read the oxford world 's classics paperback edition , which has an introduction by ruth blair , an australian professor of english . it was very helpful with melville 's historical and literary sources and the geographical and cultural context . the chapter on `` typee '' in `` studies in classic american literature '' by d.h. lawrence adds a further depth of understanding . newton arvin 's biography of melville helps to place `` typee '' in the development of melville as a writer.highly recommended in its own right as a superb example of 19th century american romanticism , with hints of the impending metaphysical explosion of `` moby dick ''
i first purchased this book when i was a freshman in college seven years ago . it is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing i have ever read . i love the plastic tabs that mark each section . this guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section . so for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape , etc using the mla style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab . i have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college . i really wish i had this book when i was in high school . i highly recommend this book to any high school , college , graduate student or writer . i especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities , i myself have add and before i got this guide i could not understand how to write a paper in the mla style or in any style other than a book report . i promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published
this story is true to life living in south west and west phila.it brought back many memories and changing the names did not bother me . i really enjoyed reading about life the way it was back in the 55 to 70 era . yes this was life in phila row home .
has there ever been anyone like richard nixon ? for sheer resiliency , he stands alone in american history . no one won bigger than richard nixon . and no one lost bigger than richard nixon . and then won again . and then lost . and won again . he just kept punching and planning and working , to eventually become one of the dominant figures of the 20th century . the author of 9 books , 8 of them best-sellers , this is his first , and covers six major crises of his political life to 1962 . this is serious history , but so well-written that it reads like an exciting novel . in it , you can see the raw steel of the man emerging through his discipline , beginnig with his first crisis as a 35-year-old freshman congressman , the prosecution of alger hiss , the darling of east coast liberals and the state department , as a soviet spy.. the other crises have been well-described by other reviewers , but all were thrilling examples of courage ( backed by preparation ) under fire . highly-experienced washington veteran david gergen , who worked closely with four presidents , in his excellent book `` eyewitness to history '' described richard nixon as `` the toughest man i ever knew '' . in this book , you can see why.interestingly , his overwhelming love of country shines through as well . for example , the 1960 election was unbelievably close.a swing of only 11,000 votes properly distributed , and the election results would have been reversed . and there was verifiable vote fraud by the democrats , especially in texas and illinois . nixon was repeatedly urged to demand an investigation and recount . he refused . first , it would have greatly delayed the transference of responsiblity to a new administration . but secondly , as he wrote , `` then , too , the bitterness that would be engendered by such a maneuver on my part would , in my opinion , have done incalculable and lasting damage throughout the country . '' there speaks a patriot . and a man ! also recommnended . `` nixon in winter '' by monica crowley
i 'm in love with the impressionists in general and with auguste renoir in particular . his palette is full of light ; soft pink , greens and blues are a joy to watch time and again . as most impressionists renoir paint wonderful every day scenes , mainly outside as his magnificent : `` the luncheon of the boating party '' ( 1881 ) , `` the swing '' ( 1876 ) and `` le moulin de la galette '' ( 1876 ) , whose careful reproductions are shown here . he was an artist that loved life and wanted to reflect it as he perceived : full of little moments of simple joy and relax . he was also a masterful portrayer as you may see from his `` on the terrace '' ( 1881 ) in the cover of this book or `` two girls in black '' ( 1881 ) . another subject that attracted his fancy was the dancing couple , which he depicts with tenderness and accuracy . it does n't matter if the dancers are from the high class as in `` city dance '' or commoners as in `` dance at bougival '' both from 1883 . at the end of his life his paintings evolve and produce for our delight : `` seated bather '' ( 1914 ) and `` the nymphs '' ( 1918 ) . his life and works are described and commented by the author with keen penetration and endearment . reproductions are awesome and do justice to the artist . do not miss this book ! reviewed by max yofre .
williams 's ear for dialogue , his eye for character , his exploration of love , longing and loneliness are as powerful in these short stories as they are in his plays . on occasion , the glimmer of a future work rises out of the text , such as the line , `` but the sweet bird of youth had flown from pablo gonzales ... ''
this book was the first one i ever read about programming . it launched a whole new world of logical and complex thinking that i could never have understood without the magnificent touch that the author gives us . he applies very simple examples to explain very complex matters about programming instances adding humor and intelligence ... what else would you want ? it 's simply excellent . 110 % recommended .
through much prayer and research , i was lead to this book . after reading it i understand the four step approach and can use it in all my educational experiences for my children . i felt so much more comfortable homeschooling my children . i felt i had really been taught how to homeschool ! it is not only informative , but interesting.a rare combination in how to books !
this book is extremely informative , eye-opening & interesting for someone thinking about getting a tattoo . i was very happy with my purchase of this title and have such a more indepth & greater understanding of what is involved with tattooing.great buy
this book started off very slowly for me . i got pretty tired of the gender bending deception - how could she be so stupid as to think he was stupid enough to believe his charade for that long in that close of company ? ? ? once the air was cleared , the book picked up speed and ended quite well . i give the book 4 stars because it did cause me to shed a few tears at one point . all in all , a very enjoyable read . past about the halfway point
this was a required text for one of my graduate courses and i did n't expect to enjoy it much . it was n't far into the book that i began to resonate with some of the struggles for racial harmony articulated by perkins and rice . in chapter 1 , spencer perkins states emphatically , `` the civil rights movement has run its course , and we 've gotten just about all you can expect to get from a political movement . '' i , a white guy , took offense at the thought that someone would declare the struggle for civil rights obsolete . his point is well made through the development of this and subsequent chapters . the move toward reconciliation must move from race to grace . regardless of your religious affiliations , if you are engaged in civil rights causes or racial reconciliation you would be remiss to neglect this ground-breaking tome.paxerik
the first time i read this book , i was watching it all happen . i'ts like i was invisible . i admire elizabeth for having the guts to do what she did . i would have fought back , but she did it the safe way , she did n't resist . reading this book , you feel like you know the smart family . i pray for all missing children everywhere . elizabeth is the luckiest girl in the world ! mary katharine was so cool and collected . she is amazing too . read this book
thank you for the fast shipping of the daily strength books , they will make great gifts- thanks , rober
this is a wonderful book that catches the subtle and yet glaring clashes of outlook on country and escape , grounded firmly in love and faithfulness . it moves quickly ; i was afraid of a tragedy at the end but the resolution is quietly reassuring and poignant . the grounding love is as much sexual as otherwise but that 's understandable in view of the widely different backgrounds of julie and abu . and it is not transient but deepens . miriam , abu 's sister , remains with me in her moving quietude , and the litle girl lela , hand in hand with julie , plucks deep
this very fascinating book is a story written in the form of numerous letters and personal diary entries made by the principle character of the book . it chronicals the life of a young scottish woman forced to live first in china then japan . well written and historically accurate , it 's obvious the author is intimately familiar with the the culture , customs , history and life style of japan . this makes the book that much more interesting and fascinating for those who enjoy realism and demand accuracy in a story . for all who 've ever lived in japan , it 's a believable tale that literally makes you feel you 've stepped back in a time machine to witness the birth of modern japan . for those who have n't lived in japan , believe that the author has done his homework and is not simply just creating a fictional setting in his mind . because of this , he 's able to focus on his character versus scene/setting development and thus creates a living breathing person in your mind . the timespan covers over 40 years as the story weaves through her trials and tribulations , and shows how her fortitude and strength serve her through tumultuous events in her life . a gripping tale that draws on your emotions and has you constantly rooting for her . when the last page is read it leaves you wishing the story would continue , but even good books must end . be prepared to sit a spell . once you start reading you 'll find it hard to put down
i bought this together with a `` best of '' cd , both containing a lot of songs i really wanted to play on the piano myself . that combination has allowed me to hear what vince played while also reading through the music to see just what it is he played . without exception , i 've found the written music exactly true to what vince recorded , including pick up notes , tricky min-maj-min progressions , arpeggios , diminished 9th chords , and what-not , and it has made some previously unapproachable passages much easier to understand . i 've also been able to use the book as a sort of learning tool , getting a feel for what a jazz musician really tries to accomplish when he sits down and plays a piece . i would like to have seen some fingering indications included , and without those , i think some beginners will not be able to do much with this work . and personally , i did n't find the performance notations particularly useful ( `` laid back '' does n't really convey much to me ) , but like i said , i also purchased a cd of vince 's music , so i already have an idea of what sort of sound i want to achieve . other than those two minor points , i ca n't find anything wrong with this edition . the binding is `` lay flat '' perfect bound , so the pages stay glued together but pull away from the spine , allowing this book to retain a crisp appearance and feel even after the pages are pulled open on a music stand . guaraldi fans and aspiring jazz pianists will gain a lot from this work
this book covers the entire state in one easy-to-carry book . whether you 're looking for romantic bed and breakfasts in the wine country , the hippest restaurant in san francisco , or the best beaches in la and san diego , this book is all you 'll need . it covers hotels ranging from a beach front motel in santa monica to the best places to stay in yosemite 's camp grounds
my son is 9 and absolutely loves this book . we 've limited it to one activity a day so that he does n't finish it too quickly ( there are only about 35 or 40 in the book ) . i would recommend this book for any creative child - we will definately be buying more in this series
drummer hoff is an unusual story that uses repetitive phrases and rhyming to tell the story of drummer hoff , the man who `` fired it off . '' in this story , a group of men are preparing to fire a cannon . each man brings something different . one man brings the barrel , one man brings the carriage , and at the every end of each stanza it says `` but drummer hoff fired it off . '' this story uses childlike drawings to demonstrate the pattern of rhythm in the story . the colors are fairly bright which in turn give the story a comical appeal . the story itself does n't have any significant moral element to it ... it is just a fun book . the rhyming in this story is very catching and the pictures really make the story very humorous . by the end of the story the reader can see that the big explosion has just caused a big mess.children will like the flow the story and parents will enjoy reading it aloud . a good holiday gift .
get great information on most bridal manufacturers as well as great ways to save money , such as discount bridal service . i found my dream dress at a huge discount and was very pleased with the service . a good book for brides
anyone who reads this book would not be surprised at the runaway success of the `` left behind '' series , since it demonstrates that a preoccupation with bible prophecy affects a much wider demographic than the fundamentalist subculture . indeed , the impact of premillenial thought has extended all the way up to the reagan white house . and , christian or not , who has n't heard of the term `` antichrist '' or the significance of the number `` 666 '' ? this book presents a fairly comprehensive survey of popular eschatology , including the role of israel , russia , the arab countries , europe , and the united states . it also shows how those beliefs have changed over the years ( turkey was considered gog and magog before russia was , and the pope was designated as the antichrist for years before hitler and henry kissinger came along ) . the final chapter , written at the brink of the collapse of the soviet union , demonstrates how , once again , premillenial thought adjusts itself ( or sometimes not ) depending upon world conditions . this is a fair , even-handed treatment of a religious and cultural phenomenon
while this book , like its predecessor , is beautifully illustrated and a joy to read , it is the presentation of quiltmaking as a shared experience among family and friends that make both these books so special . i loved the first so much , i had to have this one the moment it appeared and it has only served to add to my list of pending projects
this book is a five star book ! ! ! ! i love it so much ! ! ! partly becuase i like mystery/adventurous books and i would recommend this to all of the people who like mystery/adventure . it is a great book about a great family when everything goes wrong when janie jonhson decides she wants to drink milk and when she looks at the back for the kidnapped kid - she learns too much..
this is a great book to have on your shelf . lots of good recommendations for a beginner quilter
i am fortunate enough to have met ms. elaine stone herself and find her style to be that of great elegance , sophistication , grace , and poshness . she is by far the most fashionable person i have yet to meet . reading the dynamics of fashion as my textbook for my fm114 class i found it very informant and recommend it to everyone , even those who are not a student of fashion
started out a bit slow and built into a real action packed thriller . several times i found myself saying , `` oh yuk ! '' nevertheless the story line was fabulously interesting and you 'll fall in love especially with thomas , a down syndrome young man with a special gift . this is another great story by koontz .
i enjoyed this book having read other non-fiction frontier books . however , i must say that the degree to which the author delves into how to make certain tools/objects , etc. , i could have done without . i would skip through parts like those describing how to build a bean cooker , because such descriptions were so detailed . if you 're a technical/hands-on person , then you probably would like knowing how items/tools were built from raw materials in the frontier . but for me , i was more interested in the story , than the instructionals .
from lenny sands ' `` hush-hush '' dirt-digging memo : '' bing crosby 's drying out at a catholic church retreat for alcoholic priests and nuns outside 29 palms . cardinal spellman visited him there . they went on a bender and drove to l.a. blotto . spellman sideswiped a car filled with wetbacks and sent 3 of them to the hospital . bing bought them off with autographed pictures and a few hundred dollars . spellman flew back to new york with the dt 's . bing stayed in l.a. long enough to beat up his wife and then went back to the dry-out farm .
`` the player '' provided a trip back in time to what it was like playing ball around the turn of the century through the times of the first world war . to understand what mathewson meant to the game itself is truly amazing . not only being a phonomenal pitcher with exceptional control , he realized that he was a role model for others , not only the young kids that idolized him , but the everyday american worker . to know what he gave of himself to others off the ball field , his charity work , volunteering for wwi at the age of 37 , gives us a better insight to the individual.the book also tells of his attempts to clean up the game , before the black sox scandal . he knew it was going on , tried to warn others , but no one would listen . a great read if you want to get a much clearer insight into one of the greatest ball players of all time . one that is unfortunatelly forgotten by too many in today 's game
this book contains the childhood memoirs of peter reich . as the son of psychoanalyst wilhelm reich , peter led a bizarre life . he lived with his parents on the family estate of orgonon in the backwoods of maine . not only did his father develop a unique form of psychotherapy , but he also was a theorist who experimented with unknown forms of energy . as wilhelm 's only child , peter was one of the first recipients of reich 's therapy methods , which involved special forms of touch , energy channeling , `` softening the stomach '' , and inducing vomiting ( in peter 's account ) . peter was also made lieutenant in his father 's defensive squad that protected the earth from ufo attacks through the use of `` accumulator guns '' . the elder reich eventually got in trouble with the fda for manufacturing and promoting medical equipment without proper testing for safety and effectiveness . the court case involving his work eventually landed him in jail through contempt of court . not long after being sent to prison , he passed away , apparently of heart failure . upon his father 's death , peter found himself at the tender age of 13 forced to confront his father 's legacy of brilliance and madness . up until the time of his father 's death , he had believed everything his father told him , not knowing enough of contemporary scientific theories to understand how different his father 's version of reality was from most other people 's , nor having established an identity of his own through which he could objectively choose between his father 's explanations and standard scientific approaches . in this book , peter tries to sort out for himself what is real and what is not , what is his , and what is his father's.the book reads like the proverbial onion-chapters move in a dreamlike fashion from one period of time to another . sometimes it 's hard to tell if what peter is describing actually took place , or whether it was all an imaginative game in his head . by the end of the book , the reader will have some inkling of the confusion in peter 's mind , but , like peter , may not be capable of saying what really happened . in any case , this is very much a book about peter reich , and not wilhelm reich , although readers who want to learn more about wilhelm reich may find some clues to his ideas through the interpretation of his son , who experienced them first hand and without question
this book is a must for anyone who works with older adults . it is a photographic essay of some very special people ... .people who embrace the robustness of life , and who are disciplined to maintain their capabilities as long as possible . our world is steeped in ageism , that is , believing that older people are only capable of doing things that are `` appropriate '' for their age . this book shatters those beliefs and provides living examples of people who continue doing what they love to do physically . i wish that etta clark would revise this book with a new set of photos every year ! i have seen some of these photos over and over again in lectures that people give about aging . it is a book to be owned , not borrowed
this book is a celebration of color and the watercolor medium . turning the pages is like watching a fabulous fireworks display . each page reveals another explosion of beautiful color painting . like fireworks , some paintings go off with a huge bang , and others are more muted ; but each painting has something to say -- there are no `` duds . '' helpful comments by the artists give insight as to how and why each painting was done . if you 're an artist looking for inspiration , this book can really give you a whack in the side of the head that will send you running to your paints . even if you 're not an artist , you 'll enjoy the gorgeous colors and wide , wild variety of subjects and techniques . an astonishing book and well worth the price
from what i gather , edward abbey has somewhat of a cult following . i had never read anything by the guy , never even heard of him before i got this book . i just thought i should point that out before going on.this book kept me reading , no doubt about that . it has it 's downsides , but overall , i 'd reccomend it . not `` hey , you got ta read this right now , '' but it 's good if you 're looking for something a little different.this book kind of made me think . i 'm not the kind of guy who is always reading into a book trying to analyze every aspect of it . but i could n't help it with this story . i thought a lot of it was psychological , dealing with the main character , his thoughts , attitudes , and what made him tick.this is a fairly long book , but the actual story of the guy going back to his hometown is short . the plot alternates every chapter -- one about where he presently is , and then a memory , then where he is , then another memory , and so on . although it was an interesting way to write the book , i thought some of the memory sequences dragged a bit . but do n't get me wrong , overall i did enjoy them.if you 're looking for something that might be able to fuel a couple of thoughts about life , this is a good bookt to pick up
angela davis stands in my perspective as one of the most accomplished women of the postmodern era . this autobiography draws from her childhood to her young adulthood . her account of prison life offers an unsentimental analysis of the sexual habits of women in prison . one factor that prevents me from giving this memoir a 5-star is her abandonment of her personal life as a woman . she focuses entirely on the black power movement . in closing , this memoir can offer women the strength to fight injustice but encouraging them to first empower themselves
the story is about peter growing up with his family in north dublin and is set in the 1960 's . the tightly knit family relations with his own family and those of his extended family of lodgers , which his parents took in to supplement his father 's income , forms the backdrop to his story at 44 seville place . the pace of the book has the rhythm of the sixties . the short sentences beat out the rhythm of the sixties and keeps the tempo up-beat throughout the whole of the book . for those who have experienced dublin in the sixties this book will take you back to that place and that time.the metaphorical pieces were very touching and masterfully executed . one example of this technique was when peter tries to get to grips with his emotions concerning the possible loss of his brother frankie before frankie goes into surgery . a joy to read . da is the sun and all the minor planets revolve around him . peter takes to his role as mercury the messenger with great relish . there is a strong bond between father and son . i feel this story should not be compared to frank mccourt 's angela 's ashes . a one generation step into the future in ireland can make a very big difference in how life is experienced . it was a very enjoyable read whereby the need to laugh out loud in places could not be silenced . however there were places in the book where the need to cry out loud could also not be silenced .
i enjoyed this book for the most part . i feel the trip throught the stargate could have been better developed but it was enjoyable to see an inside view of the workings of the `` mountain '' . the main characters were all there , participating in the problem solving . there was a writers view of the teamwork seen in each episode , and some food for thought added in as well . is the world really ready for the idea that we are part of a bigger universe out there ? i do n't know but this book presents some interesting questions . i await the next book in the series
'google advertising tools : cashing in with adsense , adwords , and the google apis ' by harold davis is one of those specialty books that is absolutely a must have for anyone that wants to succeed with advertising on google . teaching you the ins and outs of how to use the behemoth marketing tools adsense and adwords , this book will instantly start producing results if you stick to what this says and learn to make ads that are not only seen , but seen often . 300+ pages of advertising yum yums will get more people to pull over and take a look at your web site , and you will better understand the metrics behind what kinds of advertising works and what doesn't.if you advertise with google or want to in the near future , you owe it to yourself to pick up this book and start following the advice it lays out immediately . you will not be disappointed ! ! ***** highly recommende
annie sprinkles very personal heart felt spectacular sex guide inspires us into our sexual potential giving us the tools for sexual transformation . even if we already have a satisfying sex life there are many interesting exercises here to try . i can relate to annie 's libraries of sexual experience even though i have not taken as many adventures as her . really folks if some of us turned off our tvs and used that time to further our sexual awareness there would be a great possibility for personal sexual freedom . my favorite quote would be `` do n't worry ; be horny . '' now that this wonderful book has been put on sale there could n't be a better time to buy it
this book is very revealing to the reader of the special aspect of being a christian , which is being a dispenser as well as a receiver of grace . so much of the christianity portrayed today is the exact opposite . we see more often the christian faith portrayed as a religious form , political arm , and unloving attitude . this book is a real insight into the christian faith of how to be a true follower of christ who cared so much about individuals , especially those who were not self righteous , but fallen and in need of grace to restore their lives .
. . .maybe believe your suspenders , i 'm not sure which.it seems to me that to enjoy this book , you have to suspend your suspicion of bombast and improbability . you also haveto give up any qualms you might haveabout a protagonist who 's pretty much a pedophile and whose connection to planetearth seems pretty improbable.what you get in return are some amazinglanguage , some great observations and a character whose zenny zest is intensebut not cartoonish . much too cerebral toever be made into a movie by any directoralive now , this is a book to be enjoyedas a pure artifact of whacked-out , butcraftsman-like writing
for those who endeavor to perfect fine art digital printmaking , this is the book to read . it is a `` how to '' and so much more . the book covers paper , ink , techniques , hand coloring and the practical application and intereaction of all of these variables . the book is cogently written and elegantly displayed . it is a must for anyone 's library who wishes to expand their horizons in the digital printing arena . ms. airey is a master of her craft and it shows
i felt that the book was basically the same as the previous edition , with the exception of aromatherapy , and electric filing . unfortionatly no one book can give all of the information that is required about a subject . that is what teaching is all about . i generally supplement the material from other books , and florida law so our students stay on the right path . over all i would have to say that this book was above average , and addressed many of the changes in the industry to date
i loved this book . it talked about every facet of the stock market , but did n't go overboard with jargon . i knew absolutely nothing about stocks and after reading this book i am ready to learn more . it was well written , interesting , and , unlike some investing books , the author was not trying to sell anything . this is the perfect book for anyone who wants to invest but has no knowledge of the subject . i really enjoyed this book
for a recently college graduate and moderate sports world observer with little experience negotiating in a business environment , this book was a pleasure to read . the concepts in this book are on or above par with my textbook on negotiation . however , i specifically enjoyed how steinberg illustrates important concepts with stories involving the ever interesting personalities of professional sports . from establishing values to finalizing the contract , this book is efficiently organized to lead through the negotiation process . also , at the end of each sub-chapter is a summary of the key points of the reading . winning with integrity is n't easy in general , let alone in the ruthless world of sports agents . leigh shares his experiences that have lead to his success in this fun and insightful book
this classic chronicle of presidential campaigns , from the get-go to contemporary times , has the unusual virtue of being useful either as a collection of short readable chapters - each just the right size for a daily bus or train ride - or as a reference source . reading this in the wake of monicagate and the florida recount , it 's instructive to read the history of grover cleveland , who seems to have features of both past democratic candidates . like clinton , he had his scandals - fathering an illegitimate child . like gore , his career was rudely interrupted by an election which he won on popular votes but lost , in a hotly contested , knife-edge electoral college tally
goes over the problem in detail , but without excessive hand-wringing . a diversity of well selected examples , with helpful discussions and observations . if codependence and `` rescuing '' people are issues you struggle with , definitely get this book
the book arrived in a timely fashion . the photograply was beautiful . however , i found it to be a coffee-table book rather than a text book which i needed
i was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality . blamires had c.s . lewis as a tutor , and i 've read some of lewis 's writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special ( many people do find his works special of course ) . blamires , on the other hand , i find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful . i 'm surprised this is n't a very popular book , as it ought to be.i have only two complaints , both of which are purely stylistic . first , the edition i have looks like it 's a copy of an earlier edition , which makes the text hard to read ( i got used to it after a while though ) . some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it . my second criticism is something that ca n't be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties , so a lot of the examples are dated ( i.e . references to wwii , which was still in memory , also out-of-date terms like `` jive '' , etc . ) . however , just a few of the examples are affected by this . the book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work , since so much blamires 's criticism of the christian mind ( or lack thereof ) still ( sadly ) applies.however , the christian mind today is being rediscovered , and the march of atheism is on the decline , with the march of religion in general on the rise . even though things are looking up , christians should keep blamires 's book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this ( secular ) world , for our real home is beyond bodily death . that we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book.superb book , and i really recommend this to anyone . this is definitely recommended for christians , and also for any non-christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems christians have today
let me just say from the start i worship at the alter of richard meier , i absolutely , love his work . it 's so clean and light and refreshing . this book does a commendable job of showing some of mr. meiers most recent work , i especially like the section on his apartment towers in manhattan , these small towers are as gorgeous as they are contriversial , and the building got a great write up in vanity fair a few years ago , well worth the read , anyway the text in this book is well researched and the images are first rate , let 's just say that if you have any interest in richard meier or just great modern architecture then i believe you will not be disappointed in this purchase . highly recommended
there are many gorgeous photos of both the insides and outsides of public and personal spaces . i was actually surprised at the number of homes we get a peek into . if you enjoy interior design , of just about any style , you will find it here . i love all the personal libraries shown , crammed with books and interesting objects . loved the mannequins , esp the life-sized guy sitting on the couch . i am a fan of exotic , eclectic decorating and found many examples to keep me happy with the book
i absolutely think you should have this book as part of your collection . the pictures come to life along with the description . the wording is simple and sweet . i am a first grade teacher and taught using this book . all my students enjoyed the memory this book brings to life . vivid pictures and colors are an absolute gift from the artist
the emotionally unavailable man should be added to everyone 's self-help library . ms. henry clearly identifies and defines the problem , then prescribles manageable steps for healing . her energetic writing style involves the reader right from the start . even those who do not suffer from emotional detachment will find this book engaging . most may even identify loved ones who either exhibit this or who are involved with someone who exhibits this behavior . clearly this is a book for our times .
isalnd of the blue dolphins is an exciting book about an indian girl named karana . karana is left behind on an island when all the rest of her tribe leaves . on the island karana befriends many animals and survives in the uniquie ways of her tribe . will karana survive ? will she make it back to her tribe ? island of the blue dolphins is an exciting book that everyone should read
wow , this book should be given to every graduate entering the workforce along with their diploma . not just about cards , but also contains business etiquette , marketing tips and techniques , and ( un ) common sense . wish i had read it 20 years ago . required reading for pretty much anybody who has to go out into the world and deal with another person
an ex-officer in the argentinean military confesses how political prisoners were murdered . i ca n't write `` highly recommended '' about this book , because it seems to trivialise those horrible events to some marchendising event . just read it , you may not be able to sleep for few nights , but you 'll get a true look into the mirror of evil regimes , supported by the united states only because they were `` anti-communist ''
as crow puts it , if it had not snowed on that monday in march . the snow led to a chain of circumstances with crow bringing a homeless teenager home for dinner and a place to stay for the night . it turns out that the teenager , lloyd , was a witness to a crime , and that draws tess into the case when she connects lloyd to a news reporter . events disrupt her life as the case develops and federal agents demand that she reveal the name of the source . the story starts with a narration by crow , and alternates between crow , tess , and other characters in the story . you will get a lot more crow in this novel than in others . the story has an interesting ending , and you can wonder if lloyd will show up again . you get some information along the way about baltimore soup kitchens and the homeless , and a view of the underside of society where life is sometimes cheap
a classic ! i loved paddington as a child and i 'm thrilled to have this in our cd collection . ( i 'd even listen without the kids ! ) . stephen fry reads the stories very well
more than anything else alan furst recreates the atmosphere of the early days of world war ii espionage . i.a . serebin inhabits the urbane world of russian emigres in the europe of 1940-1941 , mainly in paris , but also in roumania . serebin is recruited into what seems to be the british secret service and seeks to interrupt the flow of roumanian oil to the nazi war machine . the whole operation reeks of amateurism - appropriate enough at that stage of the war - brainy , careful , daring , but amateur . with one exception , none of the players know completely what they are part of - which also leaves the reader at times groping for the story line . still furst 's prose forms the characters into full-dimensional beings from bogart 's casablanca or graham greene 's human factor . highly recommended for readers with an interest in espionage or ww ii
i ordered this book primarily for the benefit of my 7 year old son . we 're doing a research project on oceans , and while we have a few good resources , i felt this one , with its 3d imagery , would more likely capture and hold his attention . what i did n't realize was how thoroughly it would capture and hold mine . for me , 3d had always meant multicolored plastic glasses and headaches . though the book was described as stereoscopic , i did n't understand what that meant . stereography was something new for me , even if as a form of photography it is over 150 years old . this is not a matter of red and blue separations ; the 3d results from the human eye 's trick of blending 2 photos taken ( simultaneously ) an eye 's width apart . photographer mark blum is a pioneer in the art of underwater 3d photography , and his work is beautifully displayed here . everyone i 've shown this book to has been fascinated by it , and i fully expect that when we 've finished with our project the book will find its way to permanent display in my home
this book opens our eyes . sure , we feel that we know what we should be doing . many times we are right in our hunches . yet , we still do not always do what needs to be done . instead , out of either laziness or taking the easy road , we fail because it is so easy to do so . besides , the customer will always walk in the door . right ? as this book reminds us , the customer may never be back . it is in the insight of a professioanl like tasca that we are reminded of wehat we may already know . again , our implementation of these rules which he explains simply , we will achieve . another book i encourage is `` cars and people : how to put the two together . ''
almost everyone you meet is having trouble with a relationship , this book by charles swindoll is a wonderful tool to assist people to build better relationships.from my own person experience i have come to conclude that the larger part of relationship problems are caused by lack of communacation.in this book charles talks about how to be open in a relationship and the value of trust not only in a personal relationship but also in the church . a wonderful must read
set in a german village reminiscent of grimm 's fairy tale world this book will quickly have readers under it 's spell . this tale within a tale within a tale concerns a young clockmaker , karl , who needs to create a figure for the great clock of glockenheim to mark the end of his apprenticeship . time is running out for karl and he is fretful because has not yet made the figure . at this same time fritz , a young storyteller is telling his latest spooky tale to the villagers . fritz launches in to a very mysterious tale of a prince , who it is disovered at his `` death '' is actually kept alive by clockworks rather than by a heart . also in fritz 's story is a stange man named dr. kalmanius . when this highly unusual man is described by the storyteller an identical man suddenly appears . the stunned audience quickly leaves . as the others leave this strange man approaches karl and presents him with the needed clock figure `` springing '' fritz 's tale alarmingly to life . as always philip pullman creates a vibrant and engaging cast of characters who will leave an imprint on the reader 's memory . the illustrations by leonid gore capture both the fairy tale spirit and the horror under the surface . this is a quick but original and engaging read that will appeal to both horror and fairy tale fans . do n't miss it
more wonderful and inspiring poems . time to be still and thoughtful
this book is great . a must read for anyone who has struggled with weight or health problems .
this book reveiw is on a book named last summer with maizon . this book is about two best friends named margarate and maizon who lives on madison street . her friend maizon was accepted to blue hills , a school where really educated people go . margarate does not want them to be separated . every night she wishes maizon will not get accepted . but when margarate 's father has a second heart attack , he dies and now all margarate has is maizon , her mother , her little brother jay and the people around . margarete was having a rough time anyway and then maizon got accepted to blue hills . when it was time for maizon to leave margarate , her mother and maizon 's grandmother dropped her off . when maizon was n't there with margarate her whole life changed . at school she was becoming popular , she was liked now . days passed by and maizon still did n't call . when margarate went to go get her brother at her neighbors house , that 's when maizon calls . margarate was so excited that maizon wanted to come home . margarate ran to the grandmother 's house telling her the news . margarate said maizon wants to come home , the grandmother says that she would go get her . when maizon got home it was like old times , they ran into each others arms . they then went to their favorite spot and started talking . maizon said she came back because she was n't being treated right , she did n't feel the same . so they sat there and talked and felt like old times with my best friend maizon . i think that this book should have gotten an award or five stars . this book has mostly everything of real life . it deals with best friends , for example like my friendship with kiena . it has separation , like my sister and me . it has a lost loved one like my godfather and it has a lesson like when you do wrong and learn your lesson . i think that this book should have five stars because it really relates to real life , it shows friendship and it shows and explains what happens in real life . i like this book because it reminds me of my life , me and my friends , how we argue and lose our friendship and then gain it back with a little talking . it reminds me of how i lose people in my family and then cry because i miss them . if i could buy this book , i would let my whole family read it , i would make it our reference book for when we need advice or something to do . this book is so good that all my friends wanted to read it . it is so good that i really read it because i do n't really read books and when i read the book it made me think of when my best friend ariel was going to move and how it made me feel , and how i compare it to margarate and maizon . this book is excellent , the author really put their heart in it and that they were depressed and needed a friend . if you ask my best friend johnniece , she 'll say that she really enjoyed the book , that it should get five stars , because the author really put thought , confidence , respect , love , care and her whole heart into this book . when i say she put confidence in this book i meant that she wrote it knowning that it will be a hit . the author thought about the words , thought her life and compared it and started writing it with compassion . i think that this book should be the book of the month in my school , because it shows and teaches a lesson . with the summary i wrote i put my heart in it because when i read it , it touched my heart . i wo n't want my friend away from me . i think that i mostly relate to maizon , because when she left margarte was beginning to be liked , and the girl was talking about maizon and margarte sat there and watched and listened instead of doing the right thing and telling them to stop doing that to their friend . i relate to maizon , i relate to her because if people do n't like me , i do n't care . if people want me out of somewhere , then i 'll leave and if people love me , i love them back and that 's how maizon is . she does n't take junk . alot of people relate to maizon . this book is interesting and gets interesting as you read on . this book is really a good book that shows you friendship , break-up and everything else that deals with real life . i love this book , it is really good and i think that if most people had this book then they would n't be out doing the stupid and illegal things that they are doing . this book really did n't grasp dr. kings dream because when maizon went to blue hills , the whites were treating her bad , they saw her different . brenliniqua , class 7-512
the snow goose is a beautifully written book that lingers in the memory long after the hour or so that it takes to read . set on the coast of england at the time of dunkirk , it is less about the strife of wwii itself than about its three main characters - one of whom is the snow goose - and what binds them . it is a story about nature , love , and nobility of spirit . to say more would be to give too much away . but it has had a place on my bookshelf for decades , and i reread it when i need to be reminded what is important in life
i picked up the first volumne of these graphic novel series a while ago and i 've been trying to get the whole series ever since ! the concept is new and interesrting and the art is always great.animal farm was especially good because of all the twists in the plot line . nothing is as it seems to be ! take my word .
my boy ejd is back , and so am i ! keeping it real , i took an eric jerome dickey hiatus . for years he held a special spot on my shelf as my favorite author , hands down . then it happened ... his books just were n't doing it for me anymore . call in change , call it growth , falling off , call it whatever , but i was n't feeling it . drive me crazy drove me crazy and i could n't finish it . unheard of for me . chasing destiny came , but i let her run right past me . however , the title of his new release piqued my interest , so i decided to give it a shot and i am glad i did . death is life . gideon is a freelance hit man . in the seedy underbelly of death for hire , gideon is know as a man of talent and business ; a profitable business . he has a goal that he is trying to reach and with this acceptance of his most recent job , he just may obtain it . this job could put him over the edge financially and literally . has the hunter become the hunted ? sleeping with strangers is a smartly written , great reading drama/thriller that showcases dickey 's talent . he blended success , style and heartlessness . then he added some ruthlessness , deceit and trickery . let 's not forget murder , mayhem and steamy sex scenes . my hiatus is officially over . i enjoyed sws . now i ` m at the door , looking out the peephole waiting on the sequel to arrive
in self-hypnosis for women c. alexander and annellen simpkins have created an instrument , a book and cd combination tailored to both the novice and the familiar practitioner of hypnosis . the simpkins have masterfully crafted this guide to self-guidance weaving explanation and experience throughout the written and spoken words . provided are tools useful in addressing a wide array of events familiar to most on the journey of being human . while true to its title , self-hypnosis for women , offering examples of utilization directly fashioned to `` experiences '' idiosyncratic to women : menstruation , pregnancy , labor and delivery , and menopause , the title of this work belies its more universal `` applicability '' to components of life common to both women and men : self image ; pain management ; overcoming fear and anxiety , and finding personal balance . the book is prefaced with instructions on gaining the most benefit for individual readers . those who may wish to skip over the more basic instructions are advised to begin their journey in later chapters . those who are new to the practice of hypnosis , or enjoy viewing the history and techniques from others ' perspectives are offered just that in the earlier chapters . the story of hypnosis , and the modern history and research of hypnosis take the readers back to the early stages of identified systematic trancework , from mesmer , charcot and freud , to the contributions of hilgard , hull , and milton h. erickson ; they then procede to accompany the participant on the journey through current and future directions , including their own paths , on which they are about to embark . the simpkins define suggestion as `` a process by which a stimulus is accepted and then transformed through unconscious processing into an action , experience , attitude or concept . ( p.45 ) '' this presentation of suggestion sets the stage for an environment conducive to the development of a personal ability to self-guide . together , the book and cd promote the utilization of both conscious and unconscious processes as learning tools , assisting in the transformation from less popular emotions such as fear or sadness to components of life which offers guidance and assistance . specific hypnotic techniques , are explained , and accompanied by exercises which give the audience an immediate opportunity to begin experiencing and tailoring that procedure . the framework for these exercises is the suggestion of an `` experiment '' with that particular technique , creating an environment for the learner to safely attempt each new activity with no possibility of failure . the only opportunity not offered is that of incompetence . there is only a place to try , adjust , and retry each experiment until the reader fashions their own skill set based on personal significance and comfort . more than a `` bonus '' the accompanying cd is a work of art on its own . again , mixing explanation with experiential learning , this auditory tool incorporates fractalization as a teaching method , to assist the listener in entering and returning from graduated levels of trance exploration . a vast canvas is provided , upon which the hypnotic partner can create motor , auditory and visual experiences with encouragement and assistance , rather than direction or interference , a respectful approach not always found in `` self-hypnosis '' recordings.sharon mclaughlin ma , managing editor , milton h. erickson newsletter
whenever my eczema flared up , my friends would tell me i 'm too stressed out . i did n't feel that way , not much more stressed out than usual , so the timing of the flare ups and the stress level at that time was sometimes confusing . after reading this book , however , i recognized it 's much more than just the simple stress - more deeply rooted issues i 've apparently held for a long time . i had vaguely suspected this may be the case , but did n't know how/where to start . this book gave me the guidance to do that on my own.i agree with 3 other reviewers completely . i no longer feel helpless and scared when i can feel my skin starting to flare up . i am not yet free from eczema , but knowing what may be the underlying cause of it , and how to calm it down , i have much stronger sense of being in control of my skin , body and my life
as a working mom , this was a book i could n't resist . of course , i do n't bear much of a resemblance to the mama in this story , but i think my toddlers ( both boys ) get the picture . the comforting notion seems to resonate with them that after a long day , mama will come home to the sweet bedtime routine .
i found the first book , faerie wars , pretty interesting so i decided to read this one . in many ways it had excellent qualities such as suspense , mystery and a bit of romance . i 'll have to admit , i finished the book pretty quickly because i got hooked onto it and did n't want to put it down . there were many twists and turns of the plot , and it was practically impossible to guess what would happen next at times.i did , however , find the ending a tad abrupt . it was such a shame to finish the book without any more information on pyrgus , mr. fogarty , henry or blue . but overall the book was an excellent one ... .. it will certainly capture your interest
the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols by robert beer ( who has studied and practice tibetan thanga painting for more than thirty years ) is a straightforward reference guide to the meaningful symbolism of sacred tibetan art . black-and-white illustrations depict all the major buddhist symbols and motifs , while the text offers depth and interpretation behind the meaning and usage of each . the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols is enthusiastically recommended for inclusion into buddhist studies and especially informative for connoisseurs of tibetan art
i am a huge thomas hardy fan , and i was not disappointed with this book . at first all the technical astronomical information was slow , but the love story started and that was forgotten . my only complaint about two on a tower is the ending . it seems very rushed - everything comes crashing together in about 10 pages . it was n't realistic for viviette to age so much and no longer be beautiful 4 years later , considering she was only 33 at the end of the story . sir constantine was possessive , jealous and terrifying but she still kept her health and beauty after suffering with him . the bishop was full of himself - how is that worse ? a few years with him and all of a sudden she 's an old woman with a heart condition ? swithin comes back and says he 'll marry her , she 's overcome with joy and boom ! she dies in his arms . i also find it strange that neither swithin or viviette acknowledged that the boy was his . did n't people in the village realize who he looked like , since people were already suspicious of the lovers ? what will happen next , swithin takes his son in and marries tabitha lark ? a very good , sad , complicated romance
the author gave many thorough and enlightening illustrations on how communication breaks down & what to look out for . after reading & self-examination , one could identify the areas for improvement & learn from the methods prescribed . the first part identifies the types of relationships within the family . the second on developing god-honouring relationships , dwelling mainly on the subject of communication . i was very much enlightened by the types of circuit jammers within the family . part three expounds on sustaining godly family relationships . it explains why families fight & how to turn discord to concord . i am very much encouraged & edified from the reading of this book
i did n't expect to `` like '' this book after reading the first 30 of 196 pages . the graphic detail used to describe a murder and the early decomposition of two dead bodies made me wonder where in the heck this story could go . and , more importantly , why would i want to read it ! where does the story go ? it 's a wandering timetable . we know the two main characters , joseph and celice , both professors of zoology married for 30 years , are dead and the forward movement not only includes their ongoing decay , but also their eventual discovery by police dogs and the introduction of their grown daughter , syl , as she copes with her knowledge of their death . it also goes back to when they first met , as students sharing a study house at the shore . they are an unlikely pair , and yet , they come together through mutual attraction and what turns out to be a shared tragic experience , and live -- at least according to their estranged daughter -- an unremarkable life . the timetable further allows the reader to relive the last day of their lives , hour by hour , from the murder back to the moment they awoke and decided to spend the day together at the very shore where they 'd met some 30 years earlier . the layout of the story was brilliant , and not in the least bit confusing . the language ( british english ) is both lofty and gritty -- probably not unlike joseph and celice . some of the thoughtful insights about life and death are very , very poignant . for example , when syl contemplates the loss of her parents : '' ... her gene supplies had closed shop . their daughter was the next in line . she could not duck out of the queue . so she should not waste her time in this black universe . the world 's small , breathing denizens , its quaking congregations and its stargazers , were fools to sacrifice the flaring briefness of their lives in hopes of paradise or fears of hell . no one transcends . there is no future and no past . there is no remedy for death -- or birth -- except to hug the spaces in between . live loud . live wide . live tall . `` i thought it was a very elegant way of illustrating both the fact that life always goes marching on , and the importance of our obligation to the dead ( and dying ) that we live life well . the title and thesis of the book are one and the same : `` being dead . '' highly recommend.from the author of `` a line between friends , '' mckenna publishing group
black metropolis is perhaps the founding document of african-american studies , a classic work of sociology that still resonates today . it is a paradigmatic expression of the chicago school of sociology , however , a school that today stands in some disrepute , at least in some circles . indirectly , it was the target of james baldwin 's famous attack on richard wright in his essay , everybody 's protest novel . the claim of the criticism has been that the chicago school , due to its insistance upon using a `` scientific approach '' , merely reproduces the very terms under which african-americans have been oppressed -- a claim that has proceeded under the warrant of european intellectuals such as theodor adorno . still , black metropolis is a landmark study , and , unfortunately , many if not most of its observations and conclusions remain true today , and in fact it could be argued that conditions in the black belt of chicago have gotten worse , not better , since 1945 , the year of black metropolis ' publication -- which lends a certain credence to the criticisms mentioned above , though perhaps it should be qualified by saying that they are not so much criticisms of the chicago school as they are criticisms of american society . since then , as we know , we have witnessed a great shift in american public opinion away from what some consider to be the excesses of those days ; so much so , in fact , that the work of black metropolis may again be regarded as a profoundly useful book . embodying american liberalism as it does -- which counted as a grave sin thirty years ago -- black metropolis may possibly be due for a fresh look
... in the beginnig of the 1930 's , the turks would have succeeded in making the whole world forget about the armenian genocide that took place in 1915/16 . turkey did succeed in putting pressure on the us-government in 1933 though , when a movie was supposed to be made based on this book , so the then us-government again put pressure on mgm not to make this movie . a foreign government coerced censorship in the unites states : just imagine that ! i hope the the making of the movie
if you like fantasy and are not acquainted with the works of andre norton , then this is an excellent starting point . believable , heroic characters and a well thought-out `` witch world '' combine to make for an enjoyable read . simon tregarth is transported through a mysterious gate into a world populated by people and other things not people . a struggle goes on between good and evil , and it 's not clear who is winning . ( but , we know who wins in the end - `` good '' , of course . ) the style of writing - more of a story that unfolds as it is read - is one strength that characterizes her writings . that , and the fascinating settings , imaginative perils faced , and strong likable characters make this a `` must read '' . this is a refreshing hard-to-put-down story . it does not suffer from the typical overinflated , overwordy , overcomplicated , and overcharacterized ( and lifeless ) features of the usual fantasy megathon offered today
we have now entered a second time of deep concern for the science , math , and technological education for everyone . the first one occurred after the sputnik fiasco , when the russians beat us in the race to reach space . the concern now has risen due to what science groups such as the american association for the advancement of science , and educators saw in comparison of assessments made of students in the u.s. and those in other developed countries , such as japan . the answer to this concern was for the aaas along with other groups to put out a guideline as to what constitutes scientific literacy , and what the public in the u.s. should at least know to be scientifically literate . as usual , though the aaas addressed the fact that certain groups in the u.s. were not being 'included ' in the pursuit of science literacy , such as women and racial minorities , in this their first book they skipped over those of us with disabilities . since this is a major concern of mine and the area in which i do research , i was appalled to see they neglected 'us ' once again , especially as the aaas has a separate department dealing with the disabled/deaf . in spite of this mistake , the writing of this book has laid the groundwork for universities and colleges as to what the teachers they train should know and be able to teach so that our country can be more scientifically literate . with new information being made available through newspapers and the internet on a daily basis , it is absolutely imperative that all adults regardless of race , gender , or ability be able to glean the information they need from this outpouring of information to make decisions requiring informed consent in health care , decisions on employment ( since health care is one of the top employers in the u.s. today ) , and to teach their children . this book was the beginning , but it is n't the end . more books have further elucidated what is required for science literacy from both the aaas and other science groups . this is the place to start if you are an educator of any kind who wants their students to become scientifically literate . karen sadler , science education , university of pittsburgh , klsst23 @ pitt.ed
mark l. sirower 's thought-provoking and complex book is actually a critically acclaimed academic study that challenges the reasoning behind corporate acquisitions . pointing out that acquisitions usually devalue the acquiring companies ( a loss from which they rarely recover ) , sirower delves into management fundamentals and mathematical analyses to get to the bottom of merger and acquisition problems . three detailed appendices feature plenty of financial calculations , performance measures and data from various corporate acquisitions to back up his assertions . we [ ... ] recommend this book to those involved in mergers and acquisitions and to other readers intrigued by the inside view of this `` carnivorous quest .
i had no prior experience with music playing ( other than blowing some simple tunes from a harmonica ) and , yet , i found thisbook to be surprisingly easy to learn from . it smoothly and concisely guides the reader through the key elements of piano playing , starting with one-hand playing , but quickly to two-hands , then chords , etc. , and ending with sharp and flat notes . it is well organized , has well thought out exercises , advices , and a diverse collection of ( short ) attractive tunes of increasing complexity ( from jingle bells to waltzing matilda to silent night to green sleeves to we shall overcome to minuet in g minor ) . i prefer it to other teach-yourself piano books that take much longer to cover the same skills , such as the complete piano player or piano for dummies . i particularly like that it gets to two-hand playing almost right away , which i feel is better preparation -- even if it feels hard and slows the playing initially . it may have helped ( coordination-wise ) that i have been typing for 20+ years with both hands . if you are looking for a book that teaches all the essentials of basic piano playing in a thoughtful and concise way , then i recommend this book.if you perfer a slower pace , then maybe look elsewhere.for me , this was the perfect book to learn from .
tony kern has managed to pull together the wisdom and experience of `` the best '' pilots around . his use of case studies of real pilots and real situations includes examples from the military , commercial , and geneal aviation communities . in short , the book is useful for any pilot whether they are working toward their private pilot license or are employed as a senior airline captain . for many pilots , it will reinforce what they already know and practice but for many , it will provide the opportunity to become `` old '' pilots . if you fly , read the book
i found this book to be helpful as an overall general guide . it covers much of the general information needed to start and keep a saltwater tank . i was hoping to get more detailed information about different tank environments ( reef , fish-only , invertebrates ) , saltwater species , diseases , etc . i would suggest for the true beginner
the story , walk across the sea , by susan fletcher , takes place at a town near the ocean . white people thought themselves superior to others , especially the chinese . chinese were often looked down upon and shunned , mainly because of their religious beliefs . the lighthouse keeper 's daughter , however , was different from other white people . believing her father 's talks about chinese people in the beginning of the story , the girl , eliza jane , meets a chinese boy around her age . after the chinese boy saves her goat , eliza becomes interested in the boy 's behavior . soon , she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed . this story was rather interesting in a way . the time of the story show how the characters act and think . the story also shows how different some characters are , such as eliza 's father and mother . ( `` something moved inside me , like a sudden shift in the wind . '' ) eliza was also , in a way , different from other white people . she befriended and showed kindness toward the chinese boy . ( `` ` you 'll do him no harm ? i have your word on it ? ' '' ) i was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the chinese boy . of all of the stories i have read , i have never found one that was perfect . this story is no different . when the chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people , i could feel the same shock and anger eliza felt . the story , however , has a few more bad parts . one boy , amos , accidentally broke eliza jane 's nose while trying to find the chinese boy . afraid that he might get in trouble , the boy lied to his father about breaking eliza 's nose . to make matters worse , amos blames the fault on the chinese boy ! ( `` i had a mind to shout at him , to tell him to put her down ... '' ) on the other hand , i did not like how eliza acted toward the chinese boy when they first met . when the boy yelled a warning , eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat . therefore , when the boy was holding the goat , eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her , when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave . even so , that was not the worst part of the story . ( `` ` get you from me , ' he said . ` i ca n't be near you now . get out of my sight ! ' '' ) as a father , eliza 's father was expected by me to listen and talk to eliza about her chinese friend , and maybe even understand why she was protecting him . as a result , i was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her ! thankfully , there was nothing worse than this part of the story . ( `` terrible things can happen in this world-things you ca n't explain away . it 's not safe here , andrew john . i ca n't promise you 'll be safe . but there are miracles , too-like you . and love . and glories well beyond our knowing . '' ) the ending , where eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the chinese boy was my favorite part . it ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship
in 1995 the poverty level for a family of four in the united states was $ 19,806 . 37 million people in the us live at or below this level . ron sider correctly asserts that it is morally unacceptable for 37 million people to live in poverty in this country while the wealthiest people are gaining a larger percentage of all wealth . in just generosity , sider presents his vision for overcoming poverty in america . and it is a compelling vision.sider 's vision is distinctive because he acknowledges that poverty is caused by both systemic injustice in society 's structures and by poor moral decisions by impoverished individuals . both must be addressed in order to stop cycles of poverty . drawing upon biblical study , sider presents the goal of an economy of justice : `` every person or family has access to productive resources ( land , money , knowledge ) so they have the opportunity to earn a generous sufficiency of material necessities and be dignified participating members of their community '' ( 81 ) . sider deals with a vast array of programs and issues like welfare , minimum wage , tax credits , health care , and education reform , showing how each could be employed in ways that encourage work , empower the poor , and strengthen families.sider ends with this troubling question : do enough christians really care ? this book should be required reading for any that do .
richard fortney 's `` earth '' is a survey , in mostly layman 's terms , of the geological history of the earth and how it relates to humankind . fortney tells the story by means of a journey around the earth , selecting a series of locations where the earth 's geology is apparent , and usually the meaning of that geology was debated by scholars to a greater understanding . fortney starts at mount vesuvius in italy , preceeds to the hawaiian islands , hence to the swiss alps and to other locations aroudn the world . fortney relates the geology of each chosen location to plate tectonics as a means to explain how each terrain come to be the way it is . this leads into extended and sometimes fascinating discussions of the former alignements of the continents in prior ages such as the `` supercontinent '' of gondwana . for each location , fortney also relates the effects of the terrain on the history of the humans who have lived in that location . along the way , fortney drives home the sheer vastness of the timescale of earth and its geological processes . the dedicated reader will view his landscape with a new perspective.fortney is a gifted writer with a good eye for the illustrative anecdote . large portions of this book will be fascinating to the reader with at least some schooling in the sciences . it turns out , for example , that the complicated geology of newfoundland results from its origin as pieces of three different tectonic plates ( north america , ocean bottom , and northern europe ) . the descriptions of northwest scotland as the remains of truly ancient mountains are put into appropriate scale in part by fortney 's historical anecdotes and by his experiences of rockhounding in the often cold rainy weather of the scottish highlands.the narrative runs a little long at over 400 pages , and fortney 's explanations will sometimes outrun the scientific background of the average reader . nevertheless , this book is highly recommended to the reader with at least a casual interest in geology and its links to human history
this is an enlightening , meticulous story of william `` boss '' tweed and , as past of the context , his three key cronies in the ring : peter sweeny , richard connolly and oakley hall . it is a story about how the new york times elevated itself by getting the goods on corruption and bravely exposing it on the front page . oh how the mighty have fallen ! the time of power ( terror ? ) for tweed 's edition of tammany hall was relatively short , but tammany hall power lingered well after tweed 's demise , another eithy-five years . the critical moment to the story is when tweed engineers the proverbial license to steal by devising a new charter for new york city , putting the power in the hands of his incredibly greedy ring of thieves . the four took this opportunity to carve out a fortune for themselves , primarily by paying millions of dollars for a courthouse that should have cost a few hundred thousand to build . a disgruntled 'whistleblower ' ( the term had no meaning back then ) copied over the records in enough detail to demonstrate the bold theft and fraud . there are several versions of how the blockbuster story of the padded expenses and outright theft came into the times ' hands , but the remarkable part of the story is just how brazen the `` ring '' could be , how convinced they were of their own invincibility or ability to bribe , cheat and steal their way out of any legal investigation or hearings . people who today believe we live in an era of unbridled corporate greed and ethical lapses need to read this book to better understand how much the supposed watchdog and people 's friend -- the government -- can be part of the problem and a barrier to the solution.the cast of characters , sinners , ( few ) saints , and masses of immigrants makes following the flow of the book sometimes a challenging task . thomas nast , a pivotal character if not the hero of the book , provides some vivid , visual signposts . nast not only draws a compelling picture for often illiterate 'readers ' , he was one of the first to put a face on public figures who heretofore had not been subjected to portraits or paparazzi as are today 's politicians . nast 's giving tweed a face may have been one of the breakthrough aspects of this story . it certainly helped catch tweed when he jumped bail . a few maps , perhaps some old drawings , and even a list of key characters could have perhaps clarified some of the story or reduced my thumbing back to previous pages or checking the index for the entry and bio of important members of the cast . there are some historic new york times front page stories that help create atmosphere and context.any reasonably educated american should have learned at least the sketchy details of tweed 's nefarious deeds and nast 's colorful cartoons . ackerman does an excellent job of documenting and detailing , filling in the gaps , and bringing now faded , black-and-white characters back to life
i believe this will be very helpful for christian people to understand who god is through the life
as someone who was arrested amd jailed and deported from japan due to a fear of flying phobia that the japanese government refused or could not comprehend , i find dupont 's book an important addition to helping the public understand and deal with such phobias . i still do n't like to fly , even after my 1983 accident , but dupont 's book helped me better understand my condition . a very important book . i hope it finds a japanese publisher , too
`` the journals of susanna moodie '' poems are interesting and spare in style . i have not gone through the whole collection , but margaret atwood has written a thought-provoking account ( through poems ) of susanna moodie . any serious or avid poem reader should consider this collection of related poems
the brilliant theory of general theory of relativity authored by great mind albert eintein , is truely magnificient
this is the best review of the jfk assassination that i have seen . there is still a large `` assassination industry , '' which can afford to find documents that you have n't read and charge you with ignorance if you have n't read them , and find 15 more if you read them . this gives a common-sense overview that seems quite reasonable . i trust it . i am always willing to consider other opinions , but the balance of evidence has always indicated that oswald acted alone.it would be nice to have a new edition of this book..
this book introduces us to the colorful world of a bygone era , that of border radio . brilliant technicians constructed gargantuan transmitters along the border towns of texas/mexico and beamed their signal into all of north america - one angry resident complained that was all he could get on his radio . these stations were distinguished by their call signs that began with an 'x ' . this spawned an industry of singers , politicians , preachers and pitchman the type we now see on `` infomercials '' . mail was the barometer of the day - the more mail you `` pulled '' in from listeners the more clout you carried with stations - `` keep those cards and letters coming ! '' new federal regulations put an end to this wild world but not until the airwaves crackled with everyone from wolfman jack to the rev . ike - `` get out of the ghetto and get into the get-mo ! '' this is a marvelously written treasure trove that will be welcomed by anyone interested in radio , salesmanship , and american sub-cultures and the bizarre
i am thilled to see this book being available in hardcover and paperback as well . i read this book about ten years ago and i read it regularly every couple of years . the story is very compelling and the scene of the protagonist walking home through a run-down community is a classic of american literature . what this book and o'connor 's other novel , the last hurrah , apart is the writing . in an era where writers seem to challenge one another to be more like faukner and less comprehensible to the average man , o'connor wrote very well and his language is beautiful . from this fine prose arises really deep characters which are flawed and so easily identifiable to us all .
as the name implies , this is about the elements of programming style . the examples are a bit dated ( old languages , not c/c++/java/the-next-great-language ) . but this is n't a *language* programming book , it is about how to write good programs in any language
gunstories by beth atkin is a book that should be mandatory reading for all students and discussed with parents , teachers , and friends . young people discuss guns in a positive light and a negative light . as with any subject , it is only with education and knowledge that a change can be made . i definitely recommend this book and hope that it can be a fixture in all elementary , middle , and high schools . ( p.s . if you are a school librarian , order a copy ! ! ) - shelley ( henderson , nv ) a fascinating look at a difficult topic ! many viewpoints are presented , the book is fair and balanced . but the stories of gun violence just naturally have more impact than those of kids who enjoy range shooting . the dichotomy between rural and urban viewpoints is striking . the wonderful photography really adds to the text . recommended.- diane ( cedar rapids , ia ) despite the fact that i 'm not really in support of guns , it is nice to read a book on such a controversial topic that does not carry a political agenda . it 's not your typical pro/con book either . it gives actual perspectives from real life people ... teen people who just want to tell it like it is.- amy ( fort worth , tx
these mysteries are cozy and interesting and good ! ! ! they are perfect ! ! ! i could not ask for a better mystery ! ! ! not only is the setting and atmosphere cozy , but the clues , story line , and pacing are perfect ! this author definitely has talent ! ! ! the clues are perfectly and cleverly crafted and lead to the mystery solving . and the characters - you feel like you know them ! ! ! i love this small town and all the characters . not just the main characters , but the other characters have purpose and meaning in this book.hannah opened up a cookie shop , with the encouragement of her sister , andrea.hannah finds the milk truck delivery driver dead in his truck . she is determined to find out why he was murdered.i also loved the cookies and coffee and cold weather ! and i enjoyed the sisters ' relationship
after devouring this book , i immediately passed it to a client who is developing a speaking business . lenny 's book is full of real-life examples and practical tips for communicating clearly and powerfully . whether you want to speak professionally or just communicate better in your day-to-day life , this is the book for you
if you 're intimidated by tolstoy or dostoevsky 's long masterpieces , consider starting instead with turgenev 's `` fathers and sons . '' this book is of course a masterpiece of russian literature . it 's characters and themes are timeless and absolutely relatable to our modern culture . this is a story of family relationships , romance , and philosophy . highly recommended . p.s . when you 're done here , try `` war and peace '' or at least `` crime and punishment .
this book does a fine job explaining the facts of biblical archaeology . the latest discoveries are listed which makes it a solid addition to the book `` the bible as history. & quot
i started with the second volume , the mammoth book of more historical whodunnits , and enjoyed it so much that i went out and got a copy of this one as well . i really liked the time-span of story settings , and the best part was the mystery that was written down over 2000 years ago ! great for people who like short story mysteries , and as a lead-in to authors you might like
time to pack up my luggage ( would n't it be nice to have a suitcase like rincewind 's ? ) and take off for discworld while the rain and gloom of a january thaw engulf the northern hemisphere . `` guards ! guards ! '' is the eighth book in the discworld series , in which captain sam vimes of ankh-morpork 's night watch gives up drinking and gets married ( just the opposite of most folks ) . i do n't read the discworld novels in order any more , just pick up a favorite and start in.the blurbs on the back and cover pages compare pratchett to charles dickens ( pratchett is better ) , chaucer , `` j.r.r . tolkien with a sharper , more satiric edge , '' and p.g . wodehouse . i think any author who garners comparisons with such wildly disparate writers must be in a category by himself . heck , pratchett is a category by himself.so on to ankh-morpork where the unique and supreme lodge of the elucidated brethren decides , with a little prompting from its supreme grand master , to conjure up a dragon . the dragon will cause enough death and property damage ( including a vegetable stand and a brother-in-law 's shiny new carriage ) so that when the supreme grand master 's nephew rides into the city with his sharp , shiny sword and slays the beast , the grateful citizens will proclaim him king.this plot works rather well , except that the dragon decides that it wants to be king and cremates its would-be slayer . its requirements are simple and traditional : one well-bred virgin per month , and all of the gold , silver , and jewels in ankh-morpork for its hoard . the new regime fires sam vimes from his job as captain of the night watch . how he wonders , could things get worse ? well , at least he 's not a virgin and no one is talking to him in capital letters .
lovers of mr. rochester beware - in this , his second book of literary puzzles , john sutherland turns his considerable powers of literary analysis towards , amongst other things , undoing the good reputation enjoyed by jane eyres brooding hero . bronte fans , brace yourself for some idol-smashing . as in his first book of devoted to literary head-scratchers ( the wonderful is heathcliff a murderer ? ) , sutherland here sets himself out to answer some of western literatures most intriguing questions . though you might not always agree with some of the conclusions sutherland comes to ( we have to have a talk , he and i , about mr. rochesters moral integrity ) as a writer he is always witty , as a thinker always innovative , and as a guide through literatures most baffling conundrums , always genial . buy this book and i promise not only will you learn something ( and , if youre anything like me , get into some very heated debates with fellow literature lovers about jane eyres prospects for bliss , etc . ) - but youll also have a heck of a lot of fun
let 's learn kanji is systematic , it gives you a wealth of basic kanji knowledge ( including stroke order and radicals ) as well as providing space to practice and regular worksheets/mini tests so you can monitor your progress ! often kanji books offer only examples and written explanations , or focus soley on repeated written practice . the addition of the mini tests for consolidating your learning makes this book a must have . i studied some kanji previously but found my self directed study slow . while i agree with the other reviewer that the pace seem stedious at first , i after a month i can claim some serious progress ! my only concern with this text is that from time to time the mini tests do not have an answer key . all in all an excellent book for self study by motivated beginners
a great read for anyone interested in cards . i managed to pretend to my friends that i knew nothing about cards before cleaning them out after reading this book..
i would recommend the power of simplicity to everyone . this book goes far beyond a discussion of marketing strategy . the idea of simplicity is relevent to all aspects of life . this book is full of useful information and contraversial suggestions pertaining to marketing strategy . although the book is considered an educational read , i feel that it is extremily entertaining as well . it 's just an interesting book , it doesnt get much simpler than that
i recently finished reading this book . this is really a great book and gave me some insight into my own behaviour . it would be fair to say that this book has great value to those who get through first 3 chapters and understand the theory behind rest of the book.some reviewers have written about the validity of the theory iteself . while i am not qualified to comment on these reviews , one thing i can definitely conclude is that this book provides a solid base to those who are trying to understand their own behaviour and trying to achieve improvements in it . a theory , that too developed quarter century ago , can not be expected to stand 100 % vindicated today . the more importent question is what use you are trying to put it to . so may be for a psyciatrist this is not a great book but for a layman like myself this book explains most of the things . after reading this book i could find out why i behave the way i behave mostof the times . to a certain extent i learnt to control my responses . also i have a feeling that the claims made by dr. harris might be quite right in 1972 in light of the knowledge , then prevalent . second objection seems to be dividing 5 or 6 billion population in 4 types of people . i think this conclusion is far from correct . dr. harris has repeated said that most of the people belong to `` i am not ok and you are ok '' category . out of the remaining 3 cattttegories 2 are shared by people who have not had proper childhood and the fourth is achieved by enlightenment of an individual . the objective here is not to merely categorize , but to show that how most of us have the common position `` i am not ok and you are ok '' . now this should not be taken as a gross simplification of human nature , but as a fundamental problem in human psycology that prevents one from producing rational responses . third critisism on this book stems from the fact dr. harris seems to quote philosophers with whom he does not agree 100 % . it seems ludicrous to suggest that one must agree 100 % with somebody else to merely quote a subsection which both of them agree upon . i do n't think dr. harris wrote this book to declare to the world that he belongs to or believes in a certain academic thought 100 % . the books surely derives from various thoughts put forward by various intellectuals ( with whom he does not agree 100 % ) for the benefit of the reader . to call this approach pretentious is pretentious iteself.i feel that reader should not by biased by comments made by reviewers . read this book with an open mind . read the chapeters on pac and marriage , pac and children , pac and social implications , pac and moral values . in this world that is becoming more and more crooked every other day , it tries to teach something good ( and this good is not subjective or relative but absolute ) . thanks
once again larry mcmurtry delivers the goods in this tale of the old west . we are introduced to calamity jane who spends a lot of time writing letters to her daughter by the light of a campfire . calamity jane joins a western touring company and the sea voyage to america is particularly memorable . there is also another character worth mentioning , namely a native american called no ears who views the world in terms of deep philosophical thought . towards the end of the book we see calamity jane lamenting her lost youth and sadly reflects on the glory days of the old west that she was once a part of . larry mcmurtry has writen a fine novel with a real , believable female character which is something most writers in this genre are unable to accomplish.another wondrous tale from a master of his craft
i took a class on sociology and law in college and my professor kept on referring to this book . i decided to see what he was talking about first hand and am glad i did ! this book is expertly written and thought provoking . this is kind of book that you take out and reference every once in a while . yes , it does get boring in some parts but i think that if you are in the legal profession or you just like history this is a book for you !
this book has opened up a whole new world for me , my husband , and my son . what a great idea to link reading and play ! each night we choose a book to read and an activity to go along with it . i highly recommed read it ! play it ! with babies and toddlers to anyone who has a child
jesse , 15 lives in harlem , new york city . he is the only child of a bright couple and his best friend , rise is one of his biggest influences.jesse and rise grew up together . when rise , 17 turns to crime and joins the counts , a local street gang and insists on bringing jesse in with him along with their friend c.j. , jesse starts to reassess their friendship . he sadly realizes that he and rise are traveling down different streets ; the drive-by shooting of their friend bobby , 14 has left the neighborhood shaken . c.j. , a musical prodigy who plays piano in their church also has his sights set on a different path . it is c.j . and jesse , a budding young artist who is quite talented at drawing who realize they have more in common with each other.rise and the counts are in for a count-down ; sadly , drive-bys claim more casualties . the counts were described as being on the tame end of street gangs ; a warring faction called the diablos were responsible for shooting a friend ; killing a cabbie and later , some members of the counts.sidney , a kind and fair police officer takes the boys under his wing . he is respected in the neighborhood and word on the street was that he was a fair man , which he was . when mason , 19 an older member of the counts was busted for homicide , it was sidney who took rise and jesse to the jail ( `` iron city '' ) to see the fate in store for their former friend . more problems crop up in the neighborhood ; rise , seeing a chance to leave harlem wants to call jesse and the counts together for a final goodbye . sadly , that goodbye really was the end.this is an excellent book that reflects the city and street culture well . the characters are fresh , cutting edge , serious and believable . the drawings were excellent and a bonus to this book . jesse , an aspiring cartoonist created two west indian charcters , a wise man and a bird . the bird was a metaphor for jesse and it is through this avian character that he asks questions in his drawings that wise answers . myers has written many excellent books , but i think he really outdid himself with this one
making ancient history entertaining ? for children ? ! ? you bet ... . enhance your history studies by reading books that are written specifically to a child . great book complete with historical accuracy & lively illustrations . approximately 3rd grade reading level , interesting to even older elementary students . do n't rely on it for a primary source , but include it in a study of greece . nice book
this is a very thorough , very exhaustive look at the life of the sixth president of the united states , and while it may not be as easily readable as , say , david mccullough 's `` truman '' , it is certainly less dry and slow-going than most scholarly works . if you 're looking for a full-life biography of monroe , one that truly informs you on the subject and does not simply dramatize the story of a historical figure 's life , this is an excellent choice . if you 're looking for light reading with a historical basis , this is definitely not what you 're looking for
i really enjoyed this book as i do all of her tamara hayle mysteries . i was n't really surprised with the ending but i still enjoyed it and recommend that you read it . i 'm ready for the next tamara hayle installment i hope basil is in the next one .
this book has come in handy several times . it is especially useful for writing informed consents , and for creating many of the documents you do n't realize you need until it is too late
roman , by roman polanski is a very good book . it is very touching about his memories of his late wife , sharon tate and their short life together . roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the manson group . he had a very hard life in poland during wwii . he lost both his parents during that time , but he grew up to be a world famous director . the book tells about his struggles during these times , and also during the period after the deaths of his wife and child . he tells about his hollywood days of directing , his famous friends , famous people and then what turned out to be his downfall ... with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him being arrested . to avoid persecution , roman left the united states and has been in exile in france ever since , but still directs and has released more movies . but , the book is very well told , and gives a good insite on roman 's life and his career
this book ranks along side will durant 's `` story of philosophy '' as the best book on western philosophy . the key difference is that whereas durant deals only with some selected individuals , russell gives a comprehensive history . topics that get the short shrift in most histories ( pre-socratics , medieval philosophy , etc ) are given the full treatment here . 'howp ' has an authority that few can match . russell was a great philosopher himself - no history of western philosophy is complete without a chapter on him ! the book is strewn with gems of wisdom:1 . `` the union of idealism and love of power has led men astray throughout history , and continues to do so even today . '' ( on sparta ) 2 . `` religions that condemn the pleasures of the senses drive men towards the pleasures of power . throughout history , power has been the vice of the ascetic . '' ( on the clergy in the middle ages ) 3 . `` contempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people 's happiness , and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race . '' ( on continental idealists ) at times the book does get a little dense . there is only so far russell is willing to go to make the subject accessible to the lay reader.i would especially recommend this book for history buffs . russell dovetails the development of western philosophy beautifully with european history . there is no better way to develop interest in a subject than to read a book that connects it with a subject you are already passionate about
i had ordered this for hanukkah 2006 , but luckily i took a sneak peak first . my daughter , aged 4 , would find this far too scary . despite its inappropriateness for the younger , more sensitive reader , it is excellently written and very well illustrated . i have not returned it , but it 'll be a while before it comes down from my shelf
this is the greatest unfinished work in all of american literature , and also the best book on filmmaking ever written . so much compassion and wisdom
i am a two and a half year old boy . i go to a parent-toddler class with my mommy , and my teacher read this story to the class . the pictures captured my interest immediately . the storyline is compelling . but the most fun part is the new vocabulary i 've learned from it . i adore this book and i read it several times a day at home ( i memorized the text after my teacher and my parents read it dozens of times for me ) . i 'll never look at a squirrel the same way again
yay -- this book was fun and extremely informative . at first , the idea of coloring at my age was a bit funny ( to keep it humorous for me , i conjured up in my mind a tall , overgrown middle-aged male graduate student squeezed in a chair , hunched back looking over a desk and coloring with his set of 64 crayons ) . anyway , i digress . as a doctoral graduate student taking a neuroscience course -- this book really helped me nail down structures of *way* too many things . but ultimately , it helped me make the grade . if you get the book , make sure to color in it -- it really does help ( not to mention a great way to relieve some stress from the day ) . otherwise , what 's the use of buying a book like this -- it becomes an ordinary textbook if you do n't color in it .
this book is lovely , the perfect `` medicine '' for our hectic lives in this constantly-changing world . it has a lot of information packed in , yet is presented in a clear , straightforward manner . as i read the book , many things about my life and the way i react to change fell into place for me , and this book gave me not only new insights about myself , but also practical , positive ideas for better ways i can deal with change in my own life
this books offers information that will eliminate a lot of unnecessary headache and rejection for writers who are currently published and those looking to break into the freelance field . the tips and examples are great , and there are many resources for those who want to get published . in my opinion , it 's essential for making the most of your writing career .
this is a great , funny book . it may be my favorite jeeves & wooster story
i am at the mid-point of the book and will likely post another review when i am done . [ ... ] the authors give the history and motivation and design decisions behind hla . they also give many good examples , [ ... ] , allow you to get a really good feel for the important concepts of hla by running an actual federation . one thing i will be looking for is the impact of the architecture on simulation performance , scalability in practice ( as opposed to in theory ) , and how is hla likely to evolve over the next couple decades . i do n't know yet whether the book is enough for you to create your first federation . if you really have no background at all in simulation , you will still get a lot out of the first couple of chapters , plus the many references to articles written on the subject , but do n't expect to find the other chapters easy . using my background in simulation systems , i can say that hla seems to have been very well thought out , based on real-life simulation systems , and is therefore not trivial . but that 's what makes it interesting , and the book so far lives up to that
this is a superb book for anyone who wants to learn more about futures and options , especially with specific examples to energry trading . it is quite easy to read and very understandable for anyone untrained in finance jargon
with beautiful photos of the range of niki 's work , this children 's book enables both kids and adults to get an overview of niki 's work , especially her sculptures . this is the only book i have found that has pictures of her escondido work -- it is a magical place and one can get a feel for it through this book
this was a book that finally answered my wife 's questions . she is a theologian ( main stream , liberal . evolution is ok ) and deals with science and religion frequently . she kept asking me of my biochemical research `` is it predictive ? `` . what she was asking was from my studies in protein structure could i predict the taj mahal ? i mumbled a great deal during those conversations . in this book mayr give voice and coherence to the chaos that is biology . it is not the science of physics , where one equation rules all . choices , and accidents happen , and they shape future development . that is who we are.i recommend this book to anyone really interested in what biology is , and what is can say about how it has arrived in this place and time . duke ou
this book immodestly bills itself as a unique compilation of useful information for architects . it is devided into six sections dealing with measure and drawing , proportion and form , codes and guidelines , systems and componenets , characteristics of materials and a catchall final section entitled a compendium . in turn , each section is illustrated with wonderful line drawings and quick run downs of architectural details.i am doubtful that any architect or engineer would find this book helpful in their practice . the level of detail their professions require can not be found in this slender volume . they rely on detailed , encyclopedic volumes of construction details . this book is meant for architectural enthusiasts and non-professionals . i would recommend it highly for an owner who is overseeing a bulding project . this book is helpful in translating architectural and building terms into easily understood language . this volume would also be helpful to entry level general contractors , interior designers and people trying to design their own homes . this book is a well written introduction to an area of study that requires years of training and access to very detailed volumes of architectural details .
this is the first of a great series of books . knights & squires , quests & fairies , action & discovery -- -- old stories re-told in an easy-to-read style with a dose of dry humor . geared towards older children ( my daughter loves them all ) , they do n't insult the intelligence of the reader ( i enjoyed them more than much of the `` grown-up '' fiction i read ) . the series is best when you read them in order , as you meet the characters again in future books . the books were such a hit , i actully purchased them in hardback ( gasp ! ) so that the rest of my kids can read & re-read them as they get older . we 're eagerly waiting for the 7th book ( and the 8th ... ) to come out in print ! john morris ( no relation to author
my two boys , ages 3 and 2 , both pull this book off the shelf over and over . i use it to teach the younger one new vocabulary ( both in english and spanish ) and the older one to continue to practice his numbers ( also in both languages ) , as well as colors . it 's a great addition to the workbook flip flop spanish , and also just for fun.. , my littlest , a one-year-old girl , even looks at the pages and will sit with the boys to watch them . they 're sturdy pages , full of all kinds of things . the kind of book you find something new each time you open it . it has little lists to find items as well .
i discovered this in an airport bookshop and it is a great read on a flight . i takes some of the most insightful trend study and boils it down so that anybody can get their arms around why design is the most important factor in your business today . yes any bussiness . this is my hyperbole tom is much better at stating the case . but when a management guru like tom puts out a visualy interesting as well as well thought out book like this it is time to take notice . read and use or be left in the dust
the theory behind this important collection of essays is that `` the history of medieval power is to be sought in microcosms . '' these essays demonstrate quite effectively that it can be found there as well . each essay focuses on a facet of the shifting power relationships in twelfth and thirteenth century europe . at issue in each are the questions of what or who held the power to command or punish , and how that power was obtained , kept and manifested . this is a truly enlightening book . of particular interest are the essays on holding power over the truth , as well as those dealing the formation of the nobility into a self-consciously chivalric warrior class . however , all the essays are intelligent and useful explorations into the very nature and meaning of power . ultimately , this book must be considered essential for any serious student of history , casual or academic
ted kheel has written a masterful , poignant and important book . in an increasingly litigious and contentious world , his is a voice of reason , compassion and true vision . as karl llewellyn observed , `` technique without compassion is a menace , and compassion without technique is a mess . '' mr. kheel gives us both , in a manner that is brilliantly accessible , thought-provoking and inspiring
some of patterson 's conclusions were a bit of a reach.some of his segways were n't all that smooth.but this book is just plain entertaining . it is chopped full of stories on rockstars making deals with the devil , lingering around after death , and backed up with just enough innuendo-ish research for it to almost be believable . well , some of it actually believable . patterson scribes on about various rockstar-occult alliances ( in particular the rolling stones and led zeppelin ) and uses quotes from the musicians themselves .
i am finding this book quite helpful to getting to know myself better and to have greater control over my emotional responses , or mood . the authors guide you through several approaches of specific steps you should take to get to know some of your core beliefs , which they say may be causing depression . you are free to choose the approach that works best for you , but you do need to try them all to see what works . it is quite time consuming . one of the approaches requires you to record your activities and asses your mood every hour . the instructions are clear and concice and examples provided are helpful , however it does take a true commitment . i suppose it may be fair to say that true change most often does take real work
having attended the fictitious `` grove school '' bingham describes in this book , i am confident in saying that it is all true . we are all indeed messed up and destined for the ivy league . in any event , the fictitious `` fairfield academy '' does also exist . i frequent the grove house of pizza and i highly recommend the chicken cutlet sub . bingham has written a fine text and i only wish he were alive to read these reviews now . hip hip hooray
craig cockran has reprized his first work with a text that is as rich as it is inspiring . detail oriented , yet captivating and simple to read , this book belongs in the library of anyone who is invested in the qi process or just starting a qi program . the writer has once again shown a unique grasp of business and the instructional process . i look forward to the next installment from this outstanding author
this version of the old favorite is an interactive delight , engaging all the senses of reader and listener as they sing and play their way through the story . each page offers endless possibilities to captivate the interest and attention of the youngest `` readers . '' the progressive repetion of the song makes learning it fun and easy . all the colorful digressions , especially the silly commentaries on each page , can lead to more fun & games . wonderfully illustrated ; sturdy pages
i also used this book in my graduate program . this book provides an excellent overview student development theory . it is an excellent introductory text . i had the added benefit of using this text in a course taught by one of the authors
this is by far the best dictionary on the market . far better than merriam-webster 's outdated and obtuse dictionary , the american heritage dictionary is a dictionary for the 21st century . it is up-to-date , informative , pleasing to look at and browse . i would gladly pay full price for this dictionary . finally , i can discard my outdate m-w dictionary . what a joy
this book is geat for the whole family . the illitrations are fantastic and funny . it 's about pa who moved to california and sends a note to tell his familly to move to california . they take a stage coach from missorii to california and it took 21 days to get there . there are funny people in this book . ma in this book has a secret in the end so read the book to find out . buy this book for the kids and it will make them smile so much that there smile will stay there . so buy this book right now ! ! ! !
i read les miserables after i saw the opera , and it has inspired in me more than any book i 've ever read . i do n't believe one could ever find a better novel anywhere . for everyone out there -- read this now ! ! there is a character that will touch everyone , no matter what type of person you are . this novel is easy to relate to , and exciting . it also give some insight to the unwritten history of the revolutions in france during napolean 's time . i recommend strongly to everyone to read this book , and see the opera . it really will effect your life
a wonderful book providing a myriad of ideas for those of us who need not only a basic review of knitting but an introduction to a new world of knitting . thank you chapman tracy for such beautiful photos , tips , etc . i 've already given this book as a gift and will continue to highly recommend it
the trilogy just stunned me and i worked at trying to understand its complexities . then i read this book , and everything made sense . at first i declared that the trilogy was better than 'the lord of the rings ' but could not explain why . this book nails it . it will be wonderful if you read the trilogy , read this book , and share everything with your children . remember when 'expanding your consciousness ' was all the rage ? no ? that 's ok. all these books do it with a basis in science . buy the darn books . buy them for your friends
i found this book to be very helpful . it does n't just give you the steps to do little tasks like some of the other books i looked at ; it explains the features and why you would use them , and shows you how to do things from start to finish . it also has a lot of helpful hints that are n't related to the exercises -- last night my husband installed vista business edition and could n't find a feature he wanted , and i was able to find the solution immediately in this book
it is almost like dream comes true when i saw the revised , new second edition out at the bookstore . the imrpoved edition not only has amended the errors or typo in its predecessor , but has graciously added new/updated materials in synthesis . you may see it as an equivalent to jerry march 's advanced organic chemistry but a whole different approach . the sections on oxidations , reductions , and organoboranes are excellent . since organic synthesis is a broad and infinitely growing field , not a single book covers all the principles and gadgets of organic chemistry . use it as an encyclopedia or along with popular title like nicholaou 's classics in total synthesis in order to enjoy the wonders of organic chemistry
i was introduced to this book while staying with a friend , and i was hooked . i went home and bought it so that i could finish it . i did n't know much about buddhism before i read this book . ms. boorstein 's stories read a bit like the chicken soup for the soul books . she has short wonderful stories that demonstate current day people practicing the buddha 's teachings . you do not need to be a buddhist to appreciate this book ! it 's very inspirational . since this book , i have read several more books to learn about the teachings of buddha
a commentary on a book of the bible will generally include the commentator 's outline of the structure of that book . a good outline can greatly enhance one 's understanding of a biblical book , so such outlines are important . rarely , though , do commentators say much about how their outlines are derived . this book , which is based on professor lee 's doctoral dissertation , describes and illustrates a method for outlining the structure of a large section of biblical text . this method , called `` conceptual analysis '' , is a modern version of form criticism developed by lee 's advisor , rolf knierim.lee describes conceptual analysis as an iterative process , where one begins by dividing a text into smaller units with coherent themes . one then takes a deeper look to determine how the units fit together into an overall structure for the text . finally , the outline is critically evaluated and the steps repeated as needed . lee demonstrates the method on num . 10:11-36:13 , a challenging section of text that has been outlined in several different ways.he divides this section into 36 units , discussing with each one the rationale for his choices . he then argues persuasively that the key unit for the organization of the section is num . 13:1-14:45 , the account of the exploration of the promised land by 12 scouts , the largely negative report the scouts present to the people , and israel 's subsequent rejection of god 's plan to bring them into the promised land . the pivotal events in this unit largely determine the form and content of the rest of the section.conceptual analysis is an attempt to make the outlining of a text into a `` scientific '' process , with the goal of deriving a structure from a text rather than imposing a structure upon a text . there is no way to completely mechanize such a process , however . some subjectivity is inevitable , and any outline will highlight some features of a text and deemphasize others.in my opinion , one good measure of the value of an outline is the amount of fruit it yields in insight into the text . by this criterion , i believe that lee 's outline of num . 10:11-36:13 earns high marks . his outline helps give satisfying answers to a number of questions about the text , as he explains in the latter stages of the book . it is rare that a dissertation on form critical issues would be interesting to more than a handful of specialists . this book is a notable exception , and i enthusiastically recommend it to all serious students of the book of numbers .
excellent book , if you are interest in ancient egypt , read this book , you 'll learn a lot of interesting facts about the valley of the kings , the pharaohs , etc .
the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is the number one best selling book in the galaxy for many reasons . one it is slightly cheaper than others , but most important is that it has the words'do n't panic ' written in bold letters on the cover . the story of the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy revolves around this remarkable book . this story strangely begins when the earth is destroyed by a vogon construction fleet clearing the way for a hyper space express way . the last earthman , arthur dent , is saved by his best friend ford prefect , who is actually an alien that comed from a small palnet somewhere in the vecinity of betelgeuse . they are soon thrown out of an air lack and rescued by the heart of gold using the infinate improbability drive . inside they meet up with zaphod beeblebrox , the two headed , three armed president of the galaxy , trillian , an earthwoman who arthur failed to pick up and wnt with zaphod , and marvin , a parinoid android . this book tells of there amazing adventures throughought the galaxy . these adventures involve mice , an abandonded planet , a rather suprised sperm whale , and the number 42 . i loved this book for many reasons . one reason is that it is filled with unexpected humor . another is that it gives a good spin on life . i could always count on this book to cheer me up . do n't just stop with this book there are many others in this series .
i read this book even before it was assigned to my undergrad psychology class -- and then i read it again , and enjoyed it both times . de wall does protest too much -- he 's clearly answering his critics throughout -- but i found his curmudgeonly outbursts amusing . more importantly , de wall 's arguments for the existence of culture in animals are persuasive ( not that i needed much persuading ) , and his use of anecdotes keep the book entertaining . i 'm looking at my pet pooches in a whole new way these days
as mentioned , this book is amazingly compact , cramming three semesters of calculus and a bit of ordinary differential equations into just 800 pages . that conciseness also implies that much explanatory material and many illustrative examples are missing.the authors mention in the preface that `` classifiers of calculus books would call this a traditional book . most theorems are proved or left as exercises to prove ... '' nearly every result in this book has an accompanying proof . for those with a serious interest in mathematics , this is a useful resource . for most others , the presence of so many proofs can be overwhelming and probably is a turnoff.included with the book is a one-page detachable reference card containing a massive amount of valuable information , including common rules for derivatives and integrals , geometric formulas , a few conversion factors , trigonometric identities and graphs ( very useful ! ) , and more . the book also has a three-page comprehensive table of integrals in the inside back cover and a listing of geometric formulas in the front , along with a commemorative timeline and portraits featuring the deceased european males who made calculus possible.given all of this , i would highly recommend this book as an 800-page calculus reference text , or maybe as a text in an honors calculus sequence that expects to use the text throughout multiple semesters - then using it saves you money.but for those who do n't have a super-strong background or interest in math , those who are just taking calculus for a requirement or those who have never seen calculus before , or for those who are just plain math-phobic - using this book just does n't make any sense . i would n't recommend it.for those who are stuck with this book for a course , i 'd suggest looking for another book to help you out . one possible book has already been mentioned in another review : silvanus thompson and martin gardner 's `` calculus made easy '' , a book that dates back originally to 1910 ( ! ) . i 've read parts of it , and the book looks good to me.i 'm sure that there are many other helpful books ; try checking your local/university library or looking on amazon for ideas . an extra calculus textbook that 's more student-friendly might be a good idea.as for the pages falling out , i have n't had a problem with it ( i have the 8th edition ) , but i do n't use the book all that much.i have n't found any serious errors in the text , but i have n't read everything thoroughly , having only used the text for calc iii.and , yeah , getting the student solutions manual would probably be a good idea
reviewed by joanne benham for reader views ( 2/06 ) it 's an ordinary sunday afternoon for odelia grey . an afternoon spent with her dysfunctional family means a stop at the grocery store on the way home to buy her favorite comfort food , stouffer 's macaroni and cheese , to get the taste of her family ( and her rotten date on saturday night ) out of her mouth . and then she gets the phone call ... ..her dear friend sophie , a staunch supporter , mentor and banner carrier for bbw -- -- big , beautiful women -- -has committed suicide . as she struggles to cope with this heartbreaking news , she has more disturbing news piled on . not only did sophie commit suicide , she did it in front of dozens of eyewitnesses on her adult website ! ! ! with the emergence of more hidden facets of sophie 's life , odelia finds it difficult to reconcile this new sophie to the sophie she knew and loved . as odelia digs deeper into sophie 's life , both past and present , she comes to the conclusion that sophie would not , under any circumstances , kill herself . with backup help from a memorable cast of characters , odelia sets out to clear her friend 's name and in the process gains a new acceptance of herself as a fat woman in a thin society . this book was enjoyable on so many levels . first and foremost , it is very well written . second , it confronts the prejudice that is openly shown to fat people in today 's society and gives a gentle nudge toward developing tolerance . and finally , it leaves you impatiently awaiting the next installment in the life of odelia patience grey ... ... the best new heroine to spring from the pages of a book in years .
peter allen takes three of the most compelling aspects of human history -- sex , disease , and religion -- and weaves them together in a fascinating exposition of how religious authorities in the west have viewed disease since the late middle ages . his book discusses the histories of lovesickness , leprosy , syphilis , plague , masturbation , and of course aids . for each disease ( and yes , masturbation was considered a serious disease well into the 20th century ! ) , he discusses how sex , and the sins associated with it , figured into the religious and popular views of illness . allen 's book is meticulously researched ( he read texts in the original french , latin , german , and italian ) and elegantly written . it is a far easier read than most academic works . most importantly , it offers insight into how religious and sexual intolerance can hamper the fight against disease , even in today 's world
there are two different types of larkin poem . the first type , mostly written before 1955 , are influenced by yeats and auden and are mediocre . the second , written when he found his voice , are amongst the most wonderful works of english literature ever written.so what was his voice ? basically that of twentieth century man - atheistic , obsessed with sex , regretting the loss of faith and the old certainties . he takes these subjects and turns them into glorious poems . but here 's the really incredible thing : he uses ordinary , uncomplicated language . no tricks , no arcane allusions , just plain english.it ca n't be denied that the voice is bleak , and it is too uncompromising for some . however , those who like looking into the heart of darkness will find poems which they will remember for the rest of their lives .
there are so many design books , but the graphis series always asure you the best work quality .
pojman does a superb job of illustrating many different approaches to ethics , providing examples of practical application of each . this helps the reader develop a critical mind , capable of reasoning his or her way through ethical dilemmas that we all face on a daily basis . pojman is not afraid to go for the jugular on approaches in which he finds serious flaws , such as cultural and ethical relativism . the reader will find that pojman does not adhere to one ethical theory in particular , but rather calls for reason and judgment , based on strong moral principles , in every situation . some situtations call for a utilitarian approach , some for a virtue-ethical approach . whatever approach he takes , however , will be based in thorough and sound reasoning . this book makes its readers want to be better people .
meg blackburn losey has written a most informative book . i purchased an additional 4 copies which were given as gifts to the parents of young children - a wise choice from the compliments i received afterward . a must have to understand todays gifted children . there is a wealth of knowledge inside that truly will enlighten you to the children of these times
excellent . as the title states the `` ultimate '' . should be the first book purchased , borrowed or stolen for the enthusiast
this was the first vi warshawski book i ever read , and it did an excellent job of whetting my appetite for more . i think paretsky did an excellent job of drawing me into vi 's world , which is rich with unique characters . vi comes across as individualistic and principled , and i like how paretsky resisted clich temptation on several counts : the complex issue of chemical responsibility is not wrapped up in a tidy bundle by the end of the book , and there is no `` obligatory sex scene . '' not that sex scenes do n't have their places , but i just hate it when i 'm reading along and i can almost hear the agent say , `` okay , author , you need to steam this up a bit right here if you want to sell this book . '' in this story , vi is all business , which is a delightful change of pace
leah stewart is a talented writer . i read this book after finishing her most recent novel , the myth of you and me ( which i highly recommend ) . this story is dark and chilling . olivia is a young reporter covering crimes in memphis on a hot summer . when the body of girl is found , the case becomes eerily personal for olivia and the lines between professional duty and personal struggles become blurred as she gets deeper into the murdered girl 's story and life . the characters in this novel are deep and well developed , and the sultry atmosphere of a hot summer in memphis is well rendered . i highly recommend this book
this is an excellent book . its academic / sociological approach may put off some lay readers , but that would be too bad . the subject , and the message , are both very important . in many ways , this book is similar to `` the appearance of impropriety : how the ethics wars have undermined american government , business and society , '' but although this book is somewhat less accessible to general readers it is certainly stronger from a social-science standpoint . an excellent book , well worth reading for anyone interested in why repeated efforts to stamp out political corruption have borne such mixed ( at best ) results
i bought this as i 'm beginning to study judaism in my spiritual journey . the book is very well translated and includes recommendations for readings on holidays . there are also pictures throughout the book from various times and locations.i 'm also very pleased with this since it 's in a paragraph format ( as someone who 's only read the `` hebrew bible '' as part of the old testament i like the ease of reading with the paragraph format ) .highly recommende
for someone like myself that is new to selling and licensing art , this book is so informative . i am so glad that i bought it . it is also a good reference book to keep on hand . i recommend it .
this book is a personal re-examination of food -- what we eat , and why we eat it . in this book , prentice examines food customs and traditions , searching for their physiological and environmental rationale . her primary observation about food traditions is that they are strictly tied to the seasons , and thus the continual year-round availability of our foodstuffs has resulted in loss of much traditional knowledge about what is good for us and what is n't . in recognition of the essential seasonality of foods , prentice organizes this book into the thirteen moons that make up the year , from the famine moon , to the sap moon , from the egg moon to the corn moon , from the blood moon to the wolf moon . each chapter describes the ecology that led to the association between a particular food item and a specific time of the year . in the chapters , prentice discusses the nutritional contributions of the featured food items , and how her relationship with that food has changed over the years . for example , she explains how she used to avoid milk and other dairy products , but now relishes them as a gift of love from mother earth . each chapter also includes recipes of the season , ranging from exotic dishes of non-western food cultures , like cardamom and jaggery pudding , to simple directions for lost arts , such as rendering pork , or making homemade yogurt and sauerkraut . prentice was once a strict vegan , who for health reasons , eventually found herself drawn to a diet which includes animal products , but not the products of industrial agriculture . there is much that vegetarians and vegans would not like in prentice 's essays , since she explains how her 10 years of vegetarianism were not healthy for her . having had the same experience myself after being a vegetarian for 20 years , i can appreciate the wisdom in what she writes . while vegetarian diets work well for some , they are not appropriate for everybody . but at the same time , diets that include the consumption of industrially produced and processed animal products do nobody any good . we need to be willing to recognize our relation and responsibilities to the animals that we consume.i first heard of this book when i attended a vermont localvore potluck at which prentice was the invited guest chef . i was deeply offended then at her attitude , when she announced she was going to make a salad using a recipe from her book , but lamented the lack of local artichokes or olive oil . ` how could such a person be associated with local cooking , ' i wondered , ` if she does n't even have the sense to find out what the best local ingredients are and celebrate them , instead of parading the products of another region in front of us ? ' i figured that a seasonal local cookbook written by a national author would be a worthless concept . fortunately , that 's not what this book attempts -- instead the book is much more about rediscovering our connection to food than about specific local recipes.although she has become famous for leading the concept of eating foods only from one 's local region , what she urges here is really an appreciation for the products of small farms . thus , instead of simply cheering on local food , prentice argues in this book that our industrial agriculture system has torn us away from one of the most essential of human traits , our relationship to the food that nourishes us . instead of following diets of avoidance , prentice advocates recognizing the meaning that each item of food brings to our lives , and using food to re-establish our connection to the land . indeed , the only foods that prentice avoids are those heavily processed products of industrial agriculture : refined sugar , white flour , and pre-packaged extruded junk . although the book contains a few recipes , it is not a cookbook , but rather a wake-up call : `` our poor diet is at least partly a physical manifestation of a spiritual decay , '' together with some suggestions of how we can begin the journey back to healthy eating
interesting . i never knew there were so many varities of garlic and onions . i 'll be growing some next year
rawlings explores the lives and interations of the odd assortment of people living in cross creek , florida in the early 1900s . it is often assigned reading for teens , but i doubt that most of them can appreciate it . her accounts of neighbors feuding and subsistance living gives us many lessons in human behavior.the lyrical descriptions of wildlife and the orange groves and wild landscape are very appealing . your mouth waters as you read her essays on downhome foods like hush puppies . she turned those into a cookbook which i 'll have to try out.modern readers squirm uncomfortably at her use of the n -- -- - word and her characterization of blacks as irresponsible , drunken , immoral , etc . it is probably a faithful representation of common thinking at the time it was written , so recognize it as a snapshot of the times . then move past that to luxuriate in the beautiful passages in the book . ( i deducted 1 star for this ) the reader becomes absorbed in rawlings ' love of the land and the creation of a home . it gives much the same feelings as a year in provence or under a tuscan sun
i have always been a fan of the star wars saga but never really read any of the novels . this was my first sw novel . i must say i want to be a sith . i just finished this novel last night and honestly want a 2nd coming . if u read the epilogue of this book u will grind your teeth ! the storyline at first felt familiar but then radically changed but had the sw ripple effects . i however got more excited because i played kotor/ep3 the game/kotor 2 and jedi academy so allot of the visuals and things in the book were already visualized for me in those games . i loved the entire transformation and how gradually even the sith were headed like the jedi in ep3 . it an amazing story and ca n't wait to a sequel if any .
cajun cuisine is , without a doubt , the best cajun cookbook that i 've ever used . i was born and reared in southern louisiana , and the recipes detailed within closely mirror the exact techniques , seasonings , and spices that i had learned by watching both my grandmothers in their kitchens , and how i was personally taught by my grandfather at his hunting camp . you can not go wrong with this book ! jacque
this is one of the best bathroom books i have read . i bought it as a baby shower gift . not only is it funny but it has really helped some of my girl-friends reluctant little poopers .
beautiful book with impressive photos and info on contemporary and cutting edge designs in prefab home . great sampling of the most modern designs and some info about them . could have been more detail on the homes
this was a very informative read . i have gotten so many great ideas and will be using many of them in my own coastal garden . this is much more than a typical gardening how-to book . there is so much wisdom here and also some interesting facts . organic gardening is my first love and i was pleased to see ms. hadley insist on it in her own garden . a garden by the sea reads like a story as well as a great resource for gardening information . i agree with the other reviews here , it is like talking with a friend . this book has become a treasured addition to my library
i have got to say that this is definitely the best cheesecake book ever . initially , i was shopping around for one since my boyfriend 's favorite dessert was cheesecake . i ran across this and decided to get it . well , one of the best choices i could ever make , i think . this is an amazing book ! starting from the recipes which are so numerous and so varied that they have to be divided into beverage-based , chocolate , vanilla , candy , etc. , even one for light cheesecakes ! honestly , deciding which one to try the first time around was the toughest challenge when starting out . well , i followed the instructions clearly , as well as the first section on tips to avoid it cracking and boy , did it ever come out wonderfully ! i never looked back . i 've baked from it endlessly for some years now , tasting practically all of the recipes included . it 's gotten to the point where i may soemtimes tweak the recipe and/or ingredients a bit and it still comes out great ! my family has enjoyed all sorts of different flavors and many of my family members and friends have converted and use nothing but this to bake cheesecakes also . my copy is so beat-up from use , it may be time to get a new one . did i mention that this is also a beautiful book ? full of wonderful ( yummy-looking ) glossy pictures.my only ( tiny ) complaint is that on occasion , some of the ingredients may be a little hard to get but nothing too major and definitely nothing 's that stopped me yet . i do have other cheesecake books which people have given me over the years but due to simplicity , astounding variety and plain old wonderful results , this is the one i recommend the most .
sadly , as a rule , i have no great interest in history . but ms. behrman 's approach brings the person of thomas jefferson to life in a way that appeals to all ages . she puts personality and emotion into her writing which makes potentially dull facts , dates and events brim with energy . this is a wonderful series and she does it justice in every way
reading late james - particularly `` the golden bowl '' - often strikes me as being similar to reading a novel in a foreign language whose vocabulary you have mastered but whose grammar remains partially a mystery . anyone who has attempted this will recognise the sensation of understanding all the words , yet not understanding how they fit together . you read a sentence two , three or five times , and it is only then that you understand , if at all , the meaning of all the words combined . sometimes the meaning never becomes clear . `` late james '' is a foreign language , but one in which i have become more fluent over the years . when i first read `` the golden bowl '' some years ago i understood very little and did not enjoy it . the long , convoluted sentences , with so many things only half spoken - and often never spoken at all - seemed a vast and elaborate machine which never seemed to produce enough to justify its own existence . yet now , having read most of james over the intervening years , i have become more fluent in his language , and find the circumlocutions , complexities and ellipses of the `` late style '' , if not exactly crystal clear , then certainly much clearer , and even rather comforting and enjoyable . the subtle discriminations , the way james holds up to the light tenuous motives and turns them slowly - very slowly - so that their hidden facets become , fleetingly , visible ; the very real portrayal of interesting characters that james reveals ; as well as the languorous , unpredictable turns of a jamesian sentence - all offer the kinds of pleasures that no other writer ( possibly excepting proust ) is able to produce . `` the golden bowl '' consists largely of conversations , some continuing over many , many pages . the content of those conversations would , for most writers , comprise the details between the main actions of the plot ; and for most writers , those conversations would occupy , at most , a few pages . but for james , it is the interstices between big events , the dramas , not so much of everyday events , but of the subtle daily manipulations , the unspoken victories and losses of personal relationships , which interest him and which comprise the novel . the subject of `` the golden bowl '' is the reciprocal marriages of father and daughter , to a pair of former lovers . the novel is about the tensions and deceptions , and the manipulations , that arise as a result . who knows what about whom ? who is responsible for what actions ? who is deceiving whom , and who has the moral authority as a consequence ? ultimately , who , if anyone , triumphs , and is their victory a hollow one ? these are the sorts of questions james is concerned with . `` the golden bowl '' rates as a great novel - one of the greatest of the twentieth century - because of these qualities as well as its ambiguities . it is also an enjoyable novel , but to enjoy it you must first be sympathetic to the sorts of concerns james is interested in , and you also need to be conversant in his distinctive language . both of these require - or at least i would recommend - first reading james ' earlier and middle period works . for most of us , late james can be a struggle , but one which is justified by its rewards . i do n't regard reading `` the golden bowl '' as an exercise only for academics , pretentious aesthetes or literary masochists , but i sympathise with those who do . giving `` stars '' to a james novel seems a little inappropriate ( he is beyond these kinds of simplistic judgements ) , but i have given `` the golden bowl '' four stars , because there are times when it strains the patience even of those who admire the writing style and enjoy the late james novels , and i prefer `` the ambassadors '' or `` the wings of the dove '' . nevertheless , `` the golden bowl '' is one of the great novels in english and is highly recommended to anyone who has read and enjoyed james ' other novels .
this is a superb collection and a true tribute to this incredible photographer
i have been procrastinating in upgrading our website so i figured i 'd read a few books ... a great way to procrastinate some more . well marcia writes in a step by step practical way , creating a marketing foundation first then getting to the beef . i 'm now educated and inspired , have a notebook full of notes and ideas that i 'm actually implementing . it 's getting done . i 'm actually recommending this book to friends who are redoing their marketing message since the first two chapters do that so well ... great book , not heavy , beefy info
a love story between a couple that does not want to bein love . very good book , like all that i 've read from this author .
ms. phillips certainly knows how to tug at those heart strings ! i felt as though i were right there with mac and sammy jo , feeling the emotions they felt . this is a great story that proves that true love can happen when it 's least expected and that true love always prevails . i recommend this book to any romance lover
i had a chance to read this book cover to cover . all i can say is `` absolutely outstanding '' , short of calling it a historical masterpiece in the field . very rarely do i encounter an epidemiology or biostatistic textbook that reads so well . it is optimally reader friendly ; the author appears to have such a talent in explaining some most sophisticated epidemiological and statistical concepts in such a simplified language . yet he does not sacrifice the inclusion of some very advanced epidemiological and statistical concepts . new concepts such as causal graphs and instrumental variables are also included and explained beautifully . i strongly recommend this book to all early to intermediate graduate students majoring in epidemiology . established epidemiologists may wish to read this book to refresh and update their knowledge . i hope the author writes more textbooks with the same style
this book is packed full of incredible devices for any one who enjoys exalted . the book has a wealth of knolage from the first age as well as the age of sorrows . the book has a few sections in it that divide the items by uses , that is the only way i can discribe it . there is a giant amount of artifacts that have nothing to do with combat , and then others that are . there is a section on warstriders , basicly single man `` death machines '' that basicly look like large metal robots . most of the items in this volume are very well detailed and all have pictures that show you what they would more that likely look like . i do n't like saying that is what they look like because , well , this is rping people , things change by a player/gm 's perception . anyway , enough of my ramblings , this book rocks and has items that range from pens to armor to boots to royal class warstriders . this book is about gear in the world of exalted . p.s . it looks like there is going to be about 4 more of these books . my best guess is that one will be for sorcery , but that is just one book . if you think of anything else , post it here to give me some ideas on the other ones
it is over a hundred dollars but put it off this is the book . you wo n't need any others
i am not going to go over the contents of the book , or much about charles bukowski , because if you are considering this book you must know something about the man and his work . i will just give you my impression of this collection of work.no collection can ever really be complete , there are always new things to add , new commentary , newly discovered works , transcripts of records and unpublished letters , but this book does an excellent job in its attempt.to me charles bukowski will always be one of the greatest american writers of the twentieth century , because of the sheer brutality and honesty his work emanates . it is funny , sad , sadistic , cruel , scathing , enlightening and thought provoking . everything i like to read . this is poetry for people who are disgusted by verse of flowers , trees and greek mythology . this is raw human emotion and experience smeared out onto paper . it is not perfect , and it is not trying to be . it does n't always work , but there in lies the subtle beauty of bukowski 's efforts . the guts to try . the attempts at honesty , clearly blocked by his unwillingness to divulge everything , and his cynicism of man . this book has one of the most moving , amazing , and insightful poems ... or anything else ... ever written . it is called the genius of the crowd . if you read that work of art and are not moved ... nothing will.this collection is shocking in its beauty , and inspiring by its simplicity . enjoy
though only a fraction of books have been written about the great war when compared to wwii , there are some great ones to pick from . for instance , for a great narrative of the american involvement in world war i , try the doughboys by gary mead . for a good look at the events of gallipoli , just last year john laffin wrote the agony of gallipoli , which is a wonderful brief book on that travesty of warfare . there is a great book which chronicles verdun called the price of glory by alistair horne . the list goes on and on , whether it be flanders , the somme , passchendaele , africa , jutland , whatever your area of interest might be . the point i 'm making is , there are plenty of specialized accounts of world war i , and even several overviews of the war , but john keegan 's the first world war , is a great source for an overall study of the war . this book covers it all , in brief detail . accounts are given on virtually every facet of the war and even some of the best insight available for the events which led up to the war itself . every aspect of the war is given its due diligence here . i 've never been a big fan of keegan . his writing , to me , is a struggle at times . this book is no exception . it reads somewhat like a 500 page textbook and borders on tedious at times . but as much as i dislike his stuffy british writing style , he is a virtual historical genius . his knowledge and research of the events can not be faulted , and he writes , for the most part , without imparting his own commentary . in fact , without prior knowledge , one would hardly surmise that keegan is himself , british . the big exception to that is keegan 's typically british hard line stance of not giving the american forces their just dues . in this aspect , he even contradicts himself in several places . he goes to great length to illustrate to the reader that in the early months of 1918 , germany was still very much capable of winning the war . the western front had been bolstered by the arrival of german troops from the now defunct eastern front . the new soldiers from the east brought with them , battle hardened experience and a mindset that they could triumph , as they had in the east . he goes on to tell of how effective german advances had been in early april , advancing a fifty mile wide front over twenty miles in a matter of days . he then follows this sort of information with telling the reader how , though ambitious and courageous , the american forces were largely inconsequential to the conclusion of the war . when he does acknowledge american victory , it is quickly followed with excuses for the german forces . that said , if you 're seeking information about just how american forces rallied to bring an end to over four years of war in a matter of a few months , this book will infuriate you . however , if you are looking for a good overview of the war as a whole , this is one of the best out there . i should add , the book has a quite lengthy notes and bibliography section for further study.monty rainey [ ... ]
if you want to read a book that 's exciting , happy , and mind-blowing you should read small steps . from the author that brought you holes , louis sachar , is at his best . this book is sort like a sequel to holes . the main character , armpit , is stuck in a situation which he can not handle . he is in the heat in austin , texas and i think it is making him do crazy illegal things . at first he did not know what he was doing was wrong , but now he just hopes he does not have to go back to jail . i think that this book is good for any reader 11 and above . both boys and girls would enjoy this book . i think they should make a movie out of the book ; it would get outstanding remarks . this is one out of few books that i could read over and over again .
ms. kulp has done a wonderful job , as usual , updating her classic book on raising a child with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders . this book is a must-read for anyone who loves someone with fasd
brooke dojny 's new england cookbook : 350 recipes from town and country , land and sea , hearth and home , is a stunning achievement , a magnum opus of a cookbook . published by the harvard common press , the book chronicles the cookery of new england from maine to connecticut , from the first thanksgiving to the present . dojny 's approach to the region goes well beyond new england standbys like clam chowder ( although she offers three tempting recipes ) and spans practically all the food traditions of all the ethnic groups who ever called new england home . the eight baked bean recipes in the book include one for cuban black beans and yellow rice and another for west indian peas 'n rice . new england cookery has embraced food from all over the world -- besides caribbean , you 'll find culinary influences of native american , english , portuguese , italian , irish , german scandinavian , greek , french and hungarian cooks -- and all are represented in this book . yet , for all its broadness of scope , this is a very personal book ; dojny 's voice can be heard throughout , in the headnotes , sidebars and essays that describe the people and places associated with the recipes . the book is also a wealth of new england food history and lore , as well as tips on cooking techniques and ingredients . bravo ! ( excerpted from the culinary connection , the newsletter of the connecticut women 's culinary alliance
horror master arthur machen 's crowning achievement , a still shocking compendium of interwoven short horror tales . in late 19th century london , a scientist and an unpublished writer join forces as amateur detectives in an attempt to solve a minor but puzzling mystery which ultimately leads to the discovery of a truly diabolical conspiracy . in the course of their investigations , the two men find themselves repeatedly surrendering their attention to a series of seemingly outlandish tales spun by an assortment of eccentric story tellers . the stories , which all deal with imposture of some kind , are only tangentially related to each other , yet offer the somewhat bumbling sleuths important clues to the mystery at hand . machen builds suspense slowly and methodically , masterfully leading the reader on to a completely unexpected , gruesome climax . comical , tragic , sophisticated , violent , horrific , and even downright disgusting , the three impostors is a classic horror novel of sly deception and wit . the 1995 everyman paperback is the only critical edition of this remarkably rich book released to date , offering a scholarly introduction ( by editor david trotter ) that carefully details machen 's main influences ( chiefly robert louis stevenson ) and themes ( imposture of various kinds , also derived from stevenson ) . a short text summary nicely encapsulates the narrative 's various twists and turns . finally , a section entitled `` machen and his critics '' provides a welcome offering of mostly contemporaneous critical responses to this remarkable book ; while many of these reviews were laudatory , quite a few passionately outraged quotes reveal just how shocking the three impostors must truly have been in its time
as someone who lived not far from brownsville in the 1950s and early '60s , i can say this is an exceptionally accurate book . it is well-written and is the best attempt i 've seen yet at explaining the phenomenon of the changing urban neighborhood . not only does pritchett provide many well-reserached , well-thought-out answers but , just as important , he raises insightful , penetrating questions . i highly recommend this book to anyone interested in american urban history , particularly as it relates to new york city
as a boy , i was fascinated by looking at all of the drawings and descriptions in this diary . it gave me a great appreciation for life in the us in the early 1800s , and the fortitude and ingenuity of our forefathers . i have found that the magic still holds , as i read it to each of my sons when they were about 8 . they still love the basic how-to descriptions which bring frontier construction to life
this book is as much about life as it is about baseball . the positive re-enforcement the book gives about accomplishing almost anything is the true message.whenever you or one of your players is struggling , go back to this book to refresh a slumping attitude
if you are looking for ideas and techniques this is a wonderful book . very well done
this is a simple book to read through for younger children . written by native americans it is a `` thanksgiving '' book from their point of view , why native americans have always celebrated thanksgiving . it has no mention of pilgrams or not fully proven , overly romanticized stories as most thanksgivings are but simply a beautiful description of the season , the great harvest and respect for the world around them . a book of why the native americans gave thanks during this beautiful season
i wish i could give this book four and a half stars instead of four ; i ca n't quite justify five stars in my mind . two of the stories were definitely good : the first , `` masked riders '' by parhelion , and the third , `` ricochet '' by ba tortuga . i enjoyed both , but was not particularly snowed by the intensity of the conflict/plot line or the main characters and their relationships . not so the second story : `` hung up '' by cat kane was a powerful , intense and moving story about two delightful yet flawed characters who had secrets that tore their relationship up until they were able to work their ways ( separately ) around the issues . that story deserved a five stars plus rating and i wish kane would turn it into a full length novel and develop the characters and their backgrounds more . this book is an excellent read both for the plot line and the erotic substance . enjoy
