i expected so much more from this movie , i guess since the cast included two of my favorite actors ( jolie & washington ) and also had the always on point queen latifah as well . i watched with full expectation to absolutely love this movie , but i walked away bitter with shattered expectations . first off i will say that latifah was wonderful here and she proved as the only reason i smiled on occasion during this movie experience . washington and jolie on the other hand were so unbelievable ( especially washington who really strained in this role ) that i was constantly asking myself `` do i really like these two ? '' and i had to remind myself of movies like 'gia ' and 'training day ' to answer with a resounding `` yes ! `` the film follows a rookie cop ( jolie ) as she helps a quadriplegic ex-cop lincoln ( washington ) track down a serial killer mimicking the killings detailed in a book called 'the bone collector ' . the ending is really annoying since the revelation of the killer , while not who you 'd pinpoint , is not of any significance and so it manages to stir up absolutely no emotion whatsoever . it 's like `` oh so he/she did it ... interesting '' ... and i 'm bored . i 'd skip this one for it becomes generic within the first five minutes and stays that way until the credits finish rolling
i am amazed and mystified that most of the reviewers herein found the movie to be excellent ! ! as for me , i made it about thirty minutes into the film before turning it off in dismay . the fault in order of importance : poor screenplay , poor cinematography and poor performance by pacino , who seems to be vying for the most over-the-top performance . the film was absurd in many ways from the outset : the pans from star to star lasting just short of giving the viewer any purpose for any of the fast camera pans . close-up after close-up conveying no meaning , pacino overacting like jack palance in one of his not-so-famous european pieces of tripe from the sixties and seventies , an utterly dumb plot with pacino and company proving at the beginning that they are bumbling cops . first example , they chase the bad guy to a cabin which is on stilts or something like that ; then , instead of staying on the ground below and smoking the bad guy out or something at least tactically sound , they storm the stairs and pacino stands right in front of the door yelling `` police , you 're under arrest . `` they kick in the front door and find that the culprit has escaped through an underground water source . of course , pacino follows and dives right into the underwater stream , having absolutely no idea where the guy is or if there are boobytraps of some sort . cut to pacino running around in nearly zero visibility fog , glimpsing the guy for a second or two before losing him in the fog . stumbling around further , pacino is obviously disoriented until a shot is fired at him from , we must assume , his quarry . did the screen writer forget that pacino 's colleagues are also supposedly chasing the culprit , too ? inevitably and apparently not , because pacino spots a figure in the fog and plugs him . as i watched this scene unfold , i became thoroughly disheartened when it becomes clear what i knew already , that pacino has fired on and killed his partner . it was then that i decided that i had had enough . by the way , the european version , with stellan skarsgaard is infinitely superior . do n't waste your money or on-line rental queue on this hollywood drivel . ditto for the other pacino junk i rented at the same time , the recruit , which i could only stand for about a half hour too
i suppose it 's alright if you like overlong musicals focusing on maniacal , manipulative mothers
the movie is a about a guy , who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that . that 's pretty much the whole story . well , the idea is quite powerful but not new , the characters are done in the `` comics '' style and very primitive , the jokes are quite boring . actually what is really amazing , that it could 've been ok to watch as a family movie , but a few really tasteless jokes made it pg13 rated without adding any fun , so the movie about family values is not appropriate for kids.too boring for adults , not appropriate for kids , too much moral for young crowd - i ca n't really think who might like it
maybe it 's because i had never read the book and never heard of hunter s. thompson before this movie , but i found this movie to be unbearably boring and so utterly pointless ! at what point in the movie-making process while reading the script aloud , did they realize that this is n't a movie ? or maybe that the book could n't be made into a commercial movie ? the `` story '' if it can be called such , is apparently about a journalist and his fat hispanic friend ( called his lawyer ) who go to las vegas to write an article on some motorcycle race of some sort or something . that 's completely irrelevant , because probably 5-10 minutes is actually spent on that subject , with an additional 20 minutes at most devoted to the guy actually trying to accomplish the task.the rest is just johnny depp as the main character rambling mindlessly about a variety of subjects , most of which deal with drugs , or drug-related things . others having nothing at all to do with anything . they are quite literally taking every drug known to mankind , and the movie chronicles them taking drugs.there are some scenes in which the duo are in their hotel room , where the `` lawyer '' freaks out in a bathtub and threatens to kill himself . in other scenes , they are in the hotel club , or at a restaurant . no matter where they are , they are always high on some drug , and johnny depp 's character ( thompson himself based on his experience , under a fake name ) is rambling or talking very very quickly and nonsensically.there are cameos by minor celebrities , some of which are world famous today . gary busey is on screen for all of three or four minutes as a highway sheriff who sexually harrasses jd 's character . tobey maguire is on even less as a hitchhiker who bails out of the car when he realizes the duo are stoned out of their mind and crazy.the only moment in which i had a great laugh was in the beginning , where they are hallucinating that they are being attacked by bats as they drive down a desert highway . when the `` lawyer '' stops to pick up the hitchhiker , jd 's char says `` we ca n't stop here ! this is bat country ! `` . that line and its delivery alone deserve the movie its one miserable star . i expected better from terry gilliam.if this movie was attempting to be shocking or pro- or anti-drug or stylish or artistic in some way , it is obviously only a most acquired taste , like a group of people who think consuming waste is an acquired taste . there is no moral message here , nothing pro- or anti-drug , nothing shocking save that these two are n't dead by the third day from taking so many drugs , or stylish or artistic.not the worst movie ever , but definitely one of them . i do n't know what orifice people pull this `` great movie '' idea out of , but i 'd like to examine that , and find out why
this movie was so horrible i do n't know where to start . maybe i could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as if the director picked them randomly off the street . or maybe he just casted his own family ... at any rate they were untrained and stale . secondly , i had a serious issue with this movie not following basic christian principles . if tyler perry manages to tone down the swearing in his semi-christian plays , why would n't this movie director have enough sense to follow suit ... if you 're trying to actually sale to a christian audience . furthermore , i thought the bible said a little something against divorce ; like it was n't permitted unless your spouse commits adultery/fornication . this movie seems to say it 's okay to go against the word of god if you 're in love . in fact , christianity was more of a theory in this movie than it was a practice ... .by even the protagonist ! i laugh as i think of the scene where ce-ce peniston 's character says seductively , `` i 'm looking for a man with his mind on jesus '' yet she 's dressed like a hooker . speaking of clothing , why did ce-ce seem to change outfits even in the middle of scene . they go on a date and she 's dressed one way , by the time they come home she has on something different ; with no logical explanation . and please explain why they had someone 's grandfather playing the role of rico suave . maybe the movie would have actually been worth while had he looked more like the man of any woman 's dream . i felt more like telling him about aarp than i did falling in love with him . in addition , the soundtrack , it-was-just-annoying . at some parts it was even hard to hear what the characters were saying because of the music . i just wanted the maddness to stop ! lastly , it seems as if the director tried to portray single church women as being overwhelmingly desperate ( although some are ) however , having pamela fall so quickly for bryant was just , well , almost juvenile ... perhaps even a disrespect to women at large . overall , this movie made me want to puke . pastor larry `` flash '' jenkins really needs to get some true insight on the conditions of the church and maybe even go back and read the bible for himself for clarity
horror movies are a dime a dozen now , and nothing really speical about them anymore . sad to say , considering its probably my faviorte genere . this movie was a disappointment from the start . whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired . i mean they are standing there talking , and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen . i didnt watch the whole movie , it sucked that bad . i bought this movie used , and i 'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge .
a 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality , this swedish import does n't so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in the first place , would n't know what to do with it if you did have it , and in general favor entertainment that bypasses the brain entirely and addresses itself directly to the tear ducts . the plot is of the type commonly described in laudatory reviews as `` well-worn , '' which seems to be a euphemism for `` shop-worn , '' `` clichï¿½ , '' or `` stupefyingly unoriginal . '' here it is ( spoilers follow ) : daniel , a big-shot conductor in emotional difficulties and poor health , returns to the quaint rural village of his childhood , takes over and revives the local church choir , heals himself and everyone else in sight with his life-affirming yet charmingly diffident zaniness , finds love , finds his inner child , and finally , at the moment of his and his choir 's greatest triumph , croaks . a great director and screenwriter might have been able to conjure some life out of even this forbiddingly stale and schmaltzy program , but kay pollack is n't up to it . instead , in a kind of perverse tour de force of misbegotten inventiveness , he celebrates , embraces , wallows in the schmaltz , throws it at you until it 's dripping off you like oobleck , and somehow keeps finding more reserves of it tucked away in odd little corners of the film . indeed , there 's something horrifyingly impressive about the way this movie gets relentlessly stupider and more bathetic from the first frame to the last : it almost bespeaks a kind of strange talent , albeit of the ed wood variety ; and while watching it i almost suspected a cynical provocation of some kind , as in the kingsley amis story about the poet who , at the end of a long and successful career , publishes a volume of intentional gibberish in order to expose the critical establishment as a passel of clueless poseurs . ( speaking of whom : `` as it is in heaven '' was nominated for best foreign film at the oscars in 2005 , after being strewn with similar honors in sweden , where it was reportedly seen by some two million viewers . we 're used to this kind of idiocy from the academy , but what 's going on in the country of strindberg and bergman ? has someone been putting something in the kï¿½ttbullar ? ) a standard feature of movies like this ( and books like this , if it comes to that -- cf . ayn rand ) is that characters are presented not as human beings but as representatives of some principle or other that the filmmaker deems important and relevant . aiiih is no exception . the parade of didactic marionettes includes : -- daniel 's love interest , a ditzy twenty-year-old blonde , who represents the life force ; -- the humorless , sexually repressed , hypocritical preacher , who represents the church , which as we all know is a sinister combine bent on stamping out the sex drive and repressing all manifestations of joy and spontaneity , especially in modern scandinavia ; -- the wife-beater whom everybody at first inexplicably tolerates , and then finally locks up and forgives -- who represents violence and what to do about it ; -- the retarded kid whom daniel insists on letting into the choir , chiefly so that he can become the film 's symbol of the virtues of inclusiveness and the deep human wisdom of special people . ( incidentally , it 's about time somebody realized that sentimentalizing retarded people , in movie after movie , as symbols of purity/goodness/wisdom-beyond-the-ken-of-those-cursed-with-normal-intelligence , or whatever , is just as disrespectful and exploitative as making cruel fun of them ; it just seems nicer . ca n't we have a movie that depicts a retarded person as a human being ? the only one i can recall seeing is `` best boy , '' a documentary about the life of a retarded man that came out about 25 years ago . apart from that they 've been reduced to targets of witless ridicule , as in `` there 's something about mary , '' or turned into plaster saints as here . ) so , to sum up : save your money and your time , which would be better spent sleeping or watching reruns of `` the o.c . '' run , do n't walk , from your local art theater if this is the main attraction . and do n't forget the moral of the story , rather comforting to me as an expatriate american living in a europe that preens itself on its superior wisdom and sophistication vis-ï¿½-vis the usa : kitsch is global .
they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was . the journey is awesome ! then all of the sudden , the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior . maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved ? they take some very low blows . they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler . actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young , and i really ca n't distinguish one 's ability from the other . they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations . vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test . as soon as he says this , they fade to black then come back with a new issue . what drug use ? which drugs ? presumably they 're talking about steroids . but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use . let 's not talk about that - let 's just keep ganging up on the warrior . they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior . and they also just try to badmouth him so much . who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him ? i do n't ! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk . and oh yeah - they do n't even let the warrior defend himself . why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined ? why do n't they address this ? this `` docu '' is more slanted than `` fahrenheitt 911 '' every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it . it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth , tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking .
i was watching cinemax one night , bored out of my mind and unable to sleep , when this movie came on . the acting made me laugh . the premise made me laugh . everything about it made me laugh . hey , at least it was fun to make fun of anyway . just kinda mad that i wasted a good 80 minutes on this piece of crap
`` incredible '' i saw one review describing this production . the meaning of the word must have been changed in the dictionary because this is not incredible . it is slow , convoluted and uninspired . no chemistry exists between the actresses , with no connection to the audience .
to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad . the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky ( rodney eastman ) was in the movie . ( for about 5 mins ) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
`` con express '' has lots of action in it , which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters . unfortunately , the action is n't enough , and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs , the audience is tempted to doze off . city heat productions is n't really known for producing films of the highest quality , so usually i go easy on them . if this were a big-budget company producing this , i 'd be inclined to pan it entirely . but i was n't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for . the action is , for the most part , pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie . flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted , but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie . vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals . the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2 , con air , spy game , and speed . if you liked those , you probably wo n't mind this one too much . just go easy on it
this dvd is very cheesy and i am sorry i bought it .
nicky cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment , as he turns in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi
first of all , this is not the worst movie ever made , nor even the worst movie ever made that was given a budget and some name stars . the worst movie ever made was `` autumn in new york '' , but that is a different review . no , this not a great movie , but it is very interesting . and for once , thank god , it does n't end with everything tied up in a pretty hollywood bow where everthing works out for everyone . it has a gritty sort of realism that transcends the walk through performances of the stars of the movie . and the scenery works well for the overall feel of the movie , bleak.more interestingly for me and others of my generation who grew up with the brat pack , this marked the end of these actors forays into trying to do the teenager thing . for molly ringwald , she did n't do anything of note again until `` the stand '' six years later , and for andrew mccarthy , well it could be argued that he still has n't starred in anything of note again ( although he probably made some money from `` weekend at bernies '' i & ii ) .anyway , probably better to rent than buy , i am only buying it to complete my 80 's collection .
they suck ! bad writing and jokes that rely on gimmicks and previously established chapelle humor . it was like watching mind of mencia . two thumbs down , leave this one alone . tupac playing in the club was pretty funny though
this movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and amazon customers that i was expecting great things . while i agree the acting ( especially the girls playing christy and ariel ) is excellent the story is just too implausible and i got that impression from the minute we see the family crossing from canada to the us ( yes they are irish but for some reason they have to sneak in to the us from canada ) . anyway why on earth would an apparently intelligent couple enter the us with their two kids illegally , without jobs or much money to settle in the most expensive city in the country ? i know the dad is an actor but could n't he have settled the family in one of the less expensive boroughs and taken the subway in to manhattan ? the mom is a teacher but ca n't find a job but no wonder if they are in the country illegally . yet there is money for private school , fixing up the dump of an apartment , an expensive camcorder , betting the rent money on an et doll etc . i ca n't imagine any parents moving in to an apartment building known as the `` drug house '' with two young girls and then letting the girls wander about as they please . mind you the parents are a couple supposedly almost crippled by the guilt they feel over a third child - a son - that has recently died . i kept expecting someone to call social services . and the medical situations with both frankie and the mom and new baby are not well thought out or researched . the symbolism between mateo , the new baby and frankie is very heavy handed . though the film is told through the oldest daughter 's eyes because of several scenes and elements the movie is not suited at all to children . and there are also several scenes that are really not connected with the oldest daughter at all . maybe if i had taken it more as a fable i would have `` gotten '' this movie more but i was expecting a straight forward drama and was disappointed .
the quality of the dvd 's was good . however i did not like the third season as well as the first two seasons . it seemed that the story was setting up for season 4 .
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of `` mississippi burning '' or the anger and impunity of `` ghosts of mississippi '' , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade `` miss congeniality '' type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l. jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not `` a powerful film . '' it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like `` mississippis burning , '' that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
when i 1st watched requiem from the darkness i had high hopes for an anime show i heard that could actually by scary . to my dissappointment this show was not scary at all but a mockery of anything that is anime . this show has good animation is some spots with some deformed shapes of people . the strengths of the show however primarily rely on its soundtrack which is above average but nothing amazing . also the last straw with this show was the horrible depictions of people being graphically murdered . this show is disgusting because of these potrayals a brothers murdering each/husband killing wife after wife/a man who enjoys murder/and very very intense sexual situations of insects and once again family members murdering each other . i recommend this show to no one and i believe geneon has made a mistake licensing it . if you do n't heed my review then you have wasted your money on a dvd not worth a penny ( i would n't take it for free )
this movie is very mildly amusing for about ten minutes . yes , it is slightly interesting to see the cannes environment , but not enough to watch this film . it could be a cure for insomnia , though . fans who are looking forward to seeing their favorite actors in a satire will be disappointed . you can count in seconds the amount of time any famous actor is on the screen , and it 's really just very boring . all those fans of johnny depp : be particularly warned . he may have co-star billing , but blink and you 'll miss him
i often wonder if some if not most of the people writing rave reviews , 5 stars , are really paid , biased , professionals pumping up the movie for increased dvd sales .
cheesy instructorthe instructor 's voice covers the music in the background which turns you off going on with the exercize , the music itself is monotonous and the beat is not inline with the moves . the instructor is too fast to follow..to cut it short i do not recommend this for anyone ..totally not professional
this was a hugely disappointing film . i did not see it on stage nor do i want to if it is ever resurrected . it trivializes illness , death , god , heaven , range of human emotion and love in all forms . i have grown up in a post-aids world and can see so many problems far worse than aids.i am tired of listening to actors drone on in selfish pursuits . while america focuses on such banal subject matter , larger more urgent problems are clearly ignored by a society that thinks it has the luxury of still trying to come to grips with sexuality
the only thing that kept this from being absolutely predictable was that a dead bad guy did not spring back to life . i found myself saying `` oh come on '' to one plot point after another ( previous reviewers have covered these absurdities ) . the underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving ( previous reviews in this thread provide details )
psele una estrella como calificacin slo para poder respaldar a quienes ya han opinado , pues se trata de un bodrio de pelcula . yo , felizmente , slo la arrend ; de lo contrario , la prdida de dinero habra sido mucho mayor .
i want the two hours of my life back ! after all the talk about what a cult classic this film is ! what a waste of time ! maybe this movie was a novelty to american moviegoers in 1973 . that time is past ( even then , the `` robots attack people '' concept was hardly new ) . now this is just a boring b movie with bad acting and anticlimactic action . this film is only good for academic or nostalgic purposes . unless you are doing a research paper on american sci-fi cinema , or you are in your 40s and enjoyed this movie as a kid , or you just like boring anticlimactic b movies , avoid this dull piece of drivel.i feel cheated !
the population of hong kong is approximately 7 million people . i 'd say that about half of them get shot in this movie . usually when a movie runs over 2 hours , it 's because there 's a lot of plot that the director wanted to squeeze in . in the case of hard boiled , the running time of 126 minutes was clearly necessitated by john woo 's desire to get into the guinness book of records for `` most people killed by gunfire in a single motion picture . `` chow yun-fat is a charismatic actor who can bring a wonderful balletic grace to gunplay , and this movie gives him plenty of opportunity to show his stuff . he shoots ( usually with a pistol in each hand ) while diving headlong over furniture , while swinging from a rope , while sliding down a banister ( ! ) , while being hurled through the air by explosions . sometimes he even shoots while standing still . and he shoots , and shoots , and shoots . and the bad guys shoot , and shoot , and shoot . and yun-fat 's fellow cops shoot , and shoot , and -- you get the idea.there are some fine action scenes in this film , but my eyes were glazing over long before it ended . there was n't enough to distinguish one scene of a bunch of people being machine-gunned from the next , and it became painfully repetitious . personally i would highly recommend the replacement killers over hard boiled . there 's plenty of yun-fat 's balletic shoot-em-up action , but not so much that you find yourself in the odd position of being lulled to sleep by gunfire
i only bought this one for the song by jerry orbach . the first 2 dvds were better
this product was a bad choice for me . it was a poorly done product . it was washed out , the quality , both audio and video was terrible . it was not enjoyable to watch . the packaging was cheap quality . i should have known better . pay more and get a nice set , and a better product . do n't try and save a few dollars if you want something to enjoy . paper sleeves make for a cheap copy .
the most simple definition of [ ... ] is sexual gratuitousness . sexual imaging for the sake of turning people on , not providing anything pertinent to the plot.you ca n't help but get a porno feel while watching bully . and to think i was supposed to be viewing a film about teenage revenge on the local bully ; but it turns out to be a soft porn version of how vapid teenagers waste away their lives with a little killing thrown in.was it really necessary to show a shot of a girl 's crotch while she 's driving a car ? was it necessary to have a sex scene or nudity scene or drug scene every 3 minutes ? you ca n't help but see the director as a pervert who is more preoccupied with sex and street cred grittiness than telling a good story . the very first scene is of a guy having phone sex.several things about this movie other than the [ ... ] made me mad:1 . you 're planning to kill somebody , then proceed to tell everybody , including the waitress at pizza hut what you 're planning.2 . after you kill , you 're so afraid of being caught that you proceed to put more suspicion on yourself by acting very strange and telling even more people what you did.3 . which makes more sense ? to decide to kill a guy because he disrespects you and beats you up occasionally and has sex with your girlfriend , or , to stop hanging out with him completely and stop lending your girlfriend out like a wh-ore. bobby never put a gun to the guy 's head to make him hang out with him , yet murder was the only option ? 4 . i ca n't believe mr. wimp who never fights back can all of a sudden muster the strength to slit a guy 's throat while he 's staring him blankly in the face begging for his life.5 . all of the characters
i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs . it covers several different styles of training , clicker and others . i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods . i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch , come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands
i saw this movie years ago , but did n't remember much about it , except some of the songs , and the basic story . i also saw `` nights of cabiria '' , from which the story was taken . i love musicals , and i think shirley maclaine is very talented . she is very sweet as charity hope valentine , and one ca n't help wanting a happy ending for her . so why did i think this movie was awful ? first of all , some of the dialogue was so repetitious it became irritating -- how many times can you listen to charity say `` fickle finger of fate '' over and over without wanting to hit the mute button ? also , some of the scenes went on and on and on -- especially the elevator scene . and -- the intermission was totally unnecessary . but the worst disappointment for me was the musical numbers . i did n't like any of them -- - they were so far over the top as to be silly . bob fosse must have thrown everything into them that he could -- - instead of letting the dancers and the songs carry the numbers , he had so much busyness in all of them -- too many people , costumes that did n't fit the story , silly moves -- and they all went past the point of enjoyment . i fast forwarded thrua couple of them just to get them over with . i have never done that before with any movie . this could have been so much better -- the story was good , the charactors were good -- but the whole thing should have been toned down . the movie could have been 30 minutes shorter if there had been some trimming . it was entirely too long . also -- - all that stop action -- what was that all about ? i know , i know -- it was to show the progress of the story , but it was a distraction.i did n't like the movie and was glad when it was over .
my husband and i are both history and literature buffs , so we were excited to watch this film when it was released to dvd . we are n't typically hard people to please , but this film was one of the most boring movies that i 've seen to date . it 's not that i do n't appreciate artistic , visually stimulating movies - that have a point . perhaps , assuming we all knew the story already , the director wanted to impress us with over two hours of lingering shots on grass , water , trees ... and more trees . apart from the lack of any foreword momentum whatsoever ( though i will grant the last 45 minutes or so were interesting and possibly worth the slogging required to arrive there ) , this movie represents revisionist history at its worst . here we are presented with an idyllic , practically un-fallen and un-corrupted view of the noble savage juxtaposed against the muddy , disgusting , conniving white man . perhaps the writer forgot some of the more violent sides of some native american life like scalping , or the less-than-environmentally-friendly act of running whole herds of buffalo off cliffs . it 's fair to say , as the post-colonial talk goes , that native americans have been marginalized and misrepresented over the years . but by shifting to the other extreme , do n't we fall prey to the same false stereotyping - just going the opposite direction
off-hand , i ca n't think of a worse movie . ( and i think nicolas cage has done some truly awesome work in other films -- hey , he 's making a buck , here . ) that 's all . 1/32 star , if possible
this movie is a disaster . there is not one single memorable performance by the cast of `` stars '' . if you want to see a little boy happily running to school , get hit by a car , walk home injured and die , have at it . there is a reason that this movie is deeply discounted by amazon . criterion is probably losing money on this release and they desire it . they should be is ashame
therese , lux , mary , bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls , ages 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 . cecilia , the youngest , lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors . as a cry for help , she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub , she survived the incident . after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age , mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party . some of the neighborhood 's boys are invited over and while the party is in session , cecilia is pretty inanimate , sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt , talk and laugh . midway through the party , cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it . cecilia goes up to her room ( on the second floor of a two-story house ) and jumps out the window , landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house . in this way , cecilia lisbon commited suicide . only four girls remain.the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed . the father saw her immediately , the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum . four of the lisbon 's neighbors , four young boys , suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls , who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world . they got hold of cecilia 's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide . the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer , and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window , she thought she would fly.with their youngest sister gone , the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other , stranding themselves further from the outside world . when school starts again , they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened , not ever mentioning their youngest sister . the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however . the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word `` death '' and the like.trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school , the object of desire to all of the girls at school ... except for the lisbon girls , which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux . trip can not help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty . in the beginning , he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she 's not interested . but after his consistent courtship , lux falls for his charming ways . trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming . after mr. lisbon talks to his wife , he agrees to trip 's request , knowing nothing but trip 's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions , on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew.after trip explains the situation to his football peers , he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely . meanwhile , the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance . though one pattern is used for all four dresses , each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail . once they pick up the girls , they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke , lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke.they then drive to the dance . trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol . another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow , but leave soon afterwards , not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux . at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew , they are all there ... except for trip and lux , who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field . deciding they must make their own curfews , therese , bonnie , mary and their dates leave without them . after fooling around , the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium . trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone . when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there . she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick ( of course ) . but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence.the girls , in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world , begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives . one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls . soon following , the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone . one day , the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep . the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere , the boys hastily agree . they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car . the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese , bonnie and mary , verbally expressing their hopes for the night . but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters . she had hung herself . the boys , scared to death , run all the way home . time passed , things changed , girls came and went ... but no matter what , those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides.ultimately , the movie was nothing short of queer . when trying to sum up the story in a few lines ( such as `` follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors . a story full of obsession , gossip , lust , love , desire and isolation . '' ) the story sounds quite unique and intriguing , but the story fell short of that for me personally . partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation . the movie , in places , is also extremely flawed . i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could 've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services . in many parts of the movie , they should 've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences . the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored . i would only suggest this film to , perhaps , people who like movies such as `` elizabethtown '' which kirsten dunst is also in . but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
the virgin suicides starring kristen dunst , josh hartnett , kathleen turner and james woods lacks depth and a convincing storyline . this film is directed by sofia coppola ( lost in translation ) , i really tried to like this movie but i was fooling myself , you would think this movie would be a hidden gem because of the coppola legacy but just because your father is frances ford coppola does n't mean you belong in the same category as best director of all-time . sometimes magic does not stirke twice . how can all five sisters end up killing themselves , their homelife was n't that unbearable , a lot of parents are religious , but that does n't mean you 'll wind up with thoughts of impending suicide . kristen dunst just gets on my nerves , her acting is the same in every film . do n't believe the hype , the virgin suicides is not a groundbreaking , poetic film
an exact copy of ang lee 's wonderful `` eat drink man woman '' . frankly what annoyed me here was i watched this one first.. i just finished watching eat drink.. it took me about 15 minutes to realize i was watching an exact copy of something i 'd already seen a couple years ago . anyway , i was annoyed because while i could predict events in eat drink because i 'd seen tortilla soup , eat drink was clearly the better movie -- so unfortunately it spoiled some of the pleasure of eat drink for me . if you have n't seen either , see the better of the two ( exact same stories ) : eat drink man woman
as part of my ongoing quest to catch up on comic book movies that i have missed over the past few years i came across this clunker . i understand , of course , that i am not the target demographic here . most comic book fans want nothing more out of their movies than authenticity ; unfortunately i was looking for an actual cinematic experience . four scientists go gallivanting around space with some chump named dr . von doom ( who wins the award for the most obvious name for a villain ever ) ; they run into trouble and are the recipients of super powers ( now we 're talking ) thanks to some chemical filled cloud . what follows is one of the most shameless attempts to buy a box office victory in history . special effects pile on top of bad special effects as the film is quickly reduced to nothing more than a dull fireworks show . we get the thing caving in the front of a semi-truck with his shoulder as the money shot , but it comes in the middle of a scene that left me mystified . an entire bridge and just about every car on it are destroyed by these four farting around with their found powers . but since these are the good guys we have to watch as they scramble to save everybody they endangered , and succeed . destruction for the fans , no consequences for the characters . but why would director tim story try anyways ? he knows the people are just showing up to ogle at jessica alba as she pretends to act . so instead of focusing on the story he focuses on making sure that those dozens and dozens of product placements make it into the frame . he should have just directed a pepsi commercial with jessica alba and saved us the trouble of watching this mess.the plot is also outwardly defiant in its interest in being even a little entertaining . instead of watching good fight evil we are stuck watching the superheroes squabble . they are n't even aware that the bad guy is the bad guy until the last fifteen minutes of the movie . they go out , show off their powers ( in things like extreme sports , you know , for the kids ) , and then yell at each other for not being discreet enough . there is also a lackluster love triangle between sue storm ( jessica alba ) , reed richards ( ioan gruffudd ) and dr . von doom ( julian mcmahon ) . i 'm sure it is real nice to believe that someone who looks like jessica alba would rather go out with a lowly scientist as opposed to the all powerful , all wealthy dr . von doom . but chances are if you 're chasing someone that looks like her she 's not interested in your kind demeanor and meaningful career . so why is my rating so high above the zero i 've been talking it up to be ? well it is what it is . it did n't put me to sleep as it washes over you fairly harmlessly and quickly . it was fun watching tv actors such as michael chiklis and julian mcmahon try their luck at a hollywood blockbuster . and at least it was n't `` catwoman . '' but what it was was insulting . beyond the obvious point that nobody would believe jessica alba as a scientist lies another that shows just how stupid story thinks we are . at a newsstand , on the cover of people magazine there is a picture of sue storm . now if stephen hawkings ca n't make it to the cover of people then what chance does this two-bit scientist have ? **1/4
it is obvious that this movie is full of lies . although i have not actually seen it , i know this to be true because i have seen many discussions on the movie on the fox news channel ( god bless them ! ) . the way he attacks poor mr. heston is deplorable . ca n't michael moore tell from the comments charlton made at the rallies that he does n't have his faculties about him ? i am also unsure that mr. heston even said the things that the movie shows him saying . the ability of hollywood to manipulate and edit sound is truly amazing , making it appear that my president ( heston ) is an uncaring , babbling idiot by simply using his own words - shame on you michael ! and as for the way he got the gun from the bank , i agree with the other posters that the entire point of a bank giving away free guns is completely nullified by the fact that they did n't give him the gun the minute he walked into the bank . bravo to those who figured that out . also , michael moore is fat . take that pinkie
i ca n't believe that other reviewers are calling the moves in this video `` easy to master '' . i found some of them to be nearly impossible to follow . the camara barely focuses on her feet as she perfoms intricate latin dance footwork ! i am an athletic twenty-three year old girl who is not a slow learner . i just excercised with this dvd for the first time and it was really tough ! i did n't get a work out at all because i was scratching my head and rewinding the thing so much . she does n't break down the moves at all and it 's just so much more confusing than it needs to be . the dances are cute , but it 's frustrating that she does n't explain the moves . i hope no one else has to waste their money on this stupid thing
if there ever was a movie more hyped in 2005 it was `` history of violence '' on critics top ten list , everyone was talking about the performances of viggo and maria and ed , so i went into it with high expectations . honestly it was n't horrible , but it was n't worth all the worship that the hollywood community and critics heaped upon it either . the story of a humble family man in a small town who thwarts two cold blood murderers , only to be visited afterwards by his past in the shape of ed harris , who in my opinion had the best performance overall . ed ( mr. fogarty ) is in the mob and seems to think that viggo ( tom ) is joey cusack a former mobster who went missing after killing his friends and wounding his eye and now he wants revenge . tom , and his wife edie ( played by maria bello ) have two children , a farmhouse , and a diner and tom insist that he is n't joey . the story goes on , dragging and dragging with tiny spots of violence and sex . maria bello has never been one of my favorite actresses , i think her acting ability is a natural as her blonde hair ( evidence is in the movie ) she brings the level of believability down and makes viggo 's performance seem like he is trying to make up for her lack of talent . we soon figure out that tom is indeed joey and after we say goodbye to ed harris 's character ( of which i was just disappointed to see , c'mon he was awesome ! ) tom/joey goes to see his brother , richie ( william hurt ) to make amends for disappearing , and soon realizes that richie wants him dead . so more killing , more blood , and tom/joey is finally free of his past , if his family would take him back . of course they do , really , his redemption is yawn worthy set around a dinner table ( his daughter sets a place for him ... ) and the movie is over . there was no aha moment , the action was n't anything new , the story was predictable and the setting was `` been there done that '' . viggo is an amazing actor , and if there had been a better script he might have come across as more tortured and the tom/joey duality could have come off as truly horrific to change back into , the shift of reality was barely noticeable . maria bello , needs to stop being cast in these dramatic roles where she is some tough , sexy , stringy haired ball breaker who is kinda motherly , it does n't work for her , she can not pull it off . so i do n't recommend this movie , its slow , its disappointing and its not all it was cracked up to be
ashley judd 's ( normal life , the locusts ) husband , played by jim caviezel ( the passion of the christ , frequency ) gets arrested and put on the guilty bench for a slaughter in el salvador a bunch of years ago . so , judd hires the always superb morgan freeman ( unleashed , million dollar baby ) to help her out on the case and to find out the truth while she tries to get her husband out of imprisonment . judd then has threats on her life after . the opening sequence pulls you in , the thrills are a mixed bag ( car crash scene for example was good ) and the outcome , well , i really saw coming anyway . ashley judd 's thrid thriller but its her second one with a murderous manipulative husband ( double jeopardy ) . twisted and kiss the girls had a killer running after her or playing games with her noggin . also starring bruce davison ( x-men , dahmer ) , amanda peet ( the whole nine yards , the whole ten yards ) and tom bower ( die hard 2
i was recommended this movie by a friend here at college , and because he spoke so highly of it , i thought i would just buy it instead of rent it . i definitely regret that decision . if you 're thinking of buying it - rent it first . it was dull and obnoxious , not to mention weird . the only entertaining part of watching this film was making fun of it with my roommate ( which is why i gave it 1 star instead of 0 ) . however , if you 're still interested , definitely rent it , you might enjoy it .
ok , this is by far the most pathetic taping of a show ( although sweeney todd comes to a close second ) . where is the show ? ! they cut out the `` glory '' battle scene and just had the actors come out and look happy instead of creepy like they should when they do the slow-mo battle scene ( that was not in the movie ... ) . also , where is `` i guess i 'll miss the man ? '' that 's a beautiful song that was cut from the movie why ? also what about `` prayer for a duck '' and many others ! ! ! this is by far the worst ladies and gentlemen and completely ruins the show created by stephen schwartz and the great bob fosse ! oh yeah , and chita rivera 's `` spread a little sunshine '' was pathetic , and the players did not convince me that they were creepy and really wanted pippin to do the `` grand finale . `` i was in this show and it was the greatest show i 've ever done , but this dvd is pathetic . do n't waste your money on the costly price of $ 19.99 , it should be $ 7.99 because of how many great songs and scenes that were cut from this show
someone wanted to make indiana jones part 4 , starring tom hanks and created a such puzzled labyrinth that i think the book author would n't be able to tell the whole story without looking into his notes . after watching this movie it leaves a bad taste in the mouth that you have vaisted 2 hours on nonsense . 5 stars for special effects
the movie title itself says a lot , the movie itself is a total scam , fools people to rent or to watch it . a horrible directing , script and performance . you 'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie
the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned . from the moment they reached king kong 's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience . i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape . how can anyone feel anything for king kong ? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island , forces them to provide him sacrificial women , and tortures the female star of the movie . it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong . the villains of the movie were my heroes . i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
i read the book and saw the movie , which other than title and major characters , have little in common . i ca n't say i really liked either . the book is a little funnier . my major learning from the whole project was when `` who wants to be a millionaire '' taught me about `` roman a clefs '' , of which `` devil '' is one . perhaps if i had more interest in the fashion industry , i 'd have been more fascinated by the inside look that `` devil '' provides . meryl streep is very good as the apparently soulless miranda priestly , editor-in-chief of runway magazine , but somehow she 's never quite devil enough . anne hathaway is passable in her second ( or third ) `` made over princess '' role . the minor characters , including the wonderful tracie thoms as `` best friend '' lily , are mostly wasted .
i have a 2 year old and have seen him on all the kids channels . i was hoping the dvd would show each of his songs as they are performed on tv . instead it was like a concert and did not keep my attention nor my sons . this would have been a better cd instead of a dv
the story here dose n't matter . the main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending . scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and murphy is blessed with a reprieve but rourke pays the full price for his evil concoction , meth . quirky directing and film editing can be somewhat distracting but not meaningless . roberts is so gay you want to smack his face . he an rourke have history on film and play out their familiarity . rourke is phenomonal again as an immoral genius , a role he plays better than anyone today in film . br
i would n't recommend this movie , unless you have nothing else to do for the night and want to watch it alone . due to a high content of bad words , screaming and violence , it 's kind of embarrassing watching it with someone else . some people really enjoyed it , and that 's not me , and that 's not the other two people i know who watched it . some violent parts are a bit hard to believe , but i guess that 's what the story is about . this movie is a bit of a hollywood-style suspense , with rather cheesy college scenes that are common to comedies . there 's one good idea in this movie and that 's how life develops as it goes along , and one action or inaction changes how life plays out . but this is no where near original , even the simpsons had an episode like that . so , this movie is definitely not on my best movies list .
i saw all the revies for this movie and was expecting a dark enjoyable tale about a libtertine . i was strongly mistaken . johnny depp is a great actor with great abilites , but this is the worst movie of his i have ever seen . even his `` cheesy '' movies were better than this . the rated r rating is light . i could n't believe how pornographic it was . even in quills , it was n't as raunchy as this . do n't waste your money or your time with this one
the fridays gang steals some diamonds . mike epps is not chris tucker no matter how hard he tries to be . his constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve . plus , everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that i do n't know where to begin . whatever you do do n't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on tbs or something
i was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between `` the gospel '' and `` the fighting temptations '' . i would not recommend purchasing . you are better off renting
there 's nothing you can tell clearly about this movie , because from the very beginning to the end , i 've just heard lota f words ; f ... .this , f ... .that , typical stupid stereotyped mafia talks . and i swear to god when i watched this pathetic movie and thought that if mafia could be this stupid , and if they could just use that fxxx word in every sentence they talked , and if they thought that by using this fxxx word once they open their mouth to talk and used this f word to show their smartness and toughness , or if they thought by simply using this big f word and they could kill thy kingdom come , then america might not look like what we 're seeing now . maybe the mafia could just use this big word to kill all the terrorists in the world , maybe they could just use it to solve all the problems and guess what ? they 're just using that word to kill each other . or is this just what hollywood think that all the mafia mob guys could walk the walk easier by simply using this big f word to talk the talk ? i do n't have any clue , man
the casting for this production could scarcely be better ( of particular note is the harrowing performance of judi dench ) and it 's one of shakespeare 's best plays . that said , this film of a production on stage does n't quite carry the viewer 's interest for the entire play . there are times when the actors seem downright pretentious ; you feel as if they 're tellings us , `` we know how deep this is so appreciate it , please . '' that 's too bad since `` macbeth '' is a work thriving with intense imagination with a few hallucinations thrown in so it should invite a great film . sadly , this relatively slow-moving production is n't it . there are , of course , wonderful moments with mackellan and particularly dench ( no one plays the scene where lady macbeth goes crazy better than dame judi ) . i just do n't know if that alone makes this a worthwhile purchase . for my money , kurosawa 's `` throne of blood '' is a far better choice .
jack nicholson in this shameless attempt at comedy plays a dog trainer of all professions who gets involved with an oprea singer who is caught up in the underworld of crime . critcally embarssing to nicohlson 's carrer but jack has done much better to cover this mistake . a minor film with good talent gone to waste , a film way below par considering the re-teaming of director bob rafelson & nicholson from `` five easy pieces & quot
most people ca n't get enough of this movie . i even own it on laserdisc . when i saw that there was a 20th anniversary edition availible on dvd , i had to have it.i am sorely disappointed in the video transfer quality . it lookslike there was just a transfer from vhs to dvd . there does n't seem to be any attempt to remaster the video and clear it up or improve the audio quality . i recently saw it on hdnet movies and thought it looked much better.do buy this movie because it is an all time classic.do n't buy this movie if you think that the 20th anniversary edition is going to get you anything better
i do n't know how this skunk got 4 and 1/2 stars on amazon let alone one ! i could hear hepburn , bogart and holden rolling over with a resounding boom . i think this is mainly because of ford 's linus . he is a very unsympathetic character in this remake . the film critics said that , while the original sabrina was about her transformation , this version was about linus ' transformation . but here linus shows no transformation that you can really see . his explanation to sabrina for his deceitful romancing at the end- `` there was a merger , and you were in the way . no hard feelings '' is very cold compared with bogart 's `` would you believe i enjoyed every minute of it ? '' in the original , you get the feeling that sabrina gets the right man ; you do n't get that here at all
this just to voice my opinion on the new ran transfer . while i agree it is an improvement over the atrocious fox lorber edition ( which is not that great an achievement considering the fox lorber dvd was one of the worst products in the history of home entertainment ) , this tranfer is still a long way from doing this masterpiece justice . yes , the colors are vivid but the sharpness and definition are exceptionally poor and the heavy edge enhancement ( straight from hell ! ) does n't make it any better . i have seen transfers of movies that are some 30 or 40 years older than ran but look far better . the problem becomes very obvious when one watches this dvd via progressive component output on a large screen - a video tape was used as a master ( and a poor one at that ) . the only way to restore such an important movie properly and thereby finally showing mr. kurosawa the respect he deserves would have been to make a direct digital transfer off an original film negative , before applying filters or any enhancements . why this opportunity was ( again ) wasted here escapes me totally and angers me very much . another problem seems to be the excessive use of noise reduction on the video , which is in part responsible for the poor definition of the transfer . for my part , i would much sooner live with a bit of visible film grain and the odd dust speckle than to have a such a `` saucy '' soft picture without much `` bite '' and detail . there is no excuse for posting such an objectively false statement . and yes , the packaging is a liability - my dvds must have been bobbing about in there all the way across the atlantic and looked accordingly . shocking . i would have gladly payed twice the price if they had kept all the cards and posters and instead got the most important thing right : the image quality of ran . like this , i 'm very disappointed
the movie is one of my favorites , works on both a romantic level , and a comic level . but where 's the widescreen ? todays consumers are more educated ( thank god ) and they 've almost stopped asking the stupid question `` why watch widescreen , you lose the top and bottom of the movie ? ! '' they finally get that you are seeing more of the movie with widescreen and not less . so how can i be expected to buy this dvd ? it is for all intents and purposes `` incomplete '' . who 's going to pay for all of something and be satisfied with only getting some of it ? buy this movie as soon as ws version becomes availible
fellini brings light on space instead of space on light . he brings mysticism to the movie not the movie to mysticism.he brings boredom and rattling to a new height . lots of nice emotionalism and sweat . waging tongues and blood . candles and tits . bondage and perversion . we learn italian words that we can not use.here is a good tidbit `` child of aphrodite and hermes ... hermaphrodite . `` the subtitles conveniently disappear at crucial moments . even in italian the voices do not match the sound . one of the roman dudes encolpio ( martin potter ) finally got a real part as `` doctor who '' in1983 .
i tried . i really tried , but i was simply incapable of getting into this program . the lead character in nighty night is so thoroughly , contemptably self-centered and unlikable she makes larry david in curb your enthusiasm seem like a big cuddly teddy bear . this is a person who has not had an unselfish thought for another human being in her entire life . she 's also insane . completely . and not in a cute or funny way . she dose n't live in this world . she lives in one where the entire universe revolves around her , making it entirely acceptable for her to say or do anything no matter how ludicrous , dishonest or rude . she literaly has no idea she 's a monster . i can see how that could be funny but not with this show 's incredibly dry , lifeless presentation . i never thought i 'd say this but nighty night could actually use a laugh track to let us know when the producers think we 're supposed to laugh . and i hate laugh tracks .
leeches is a terrible movie . dude , i have never seen anything so gay in my whole life ( except the director 's other film speed demon ) . when the guys were less clothes than the gals , thats not a good sign . the video shelves at a local corporate video rental store carry tons of this director 's work.they 're all filled with loads of homoeroticism . women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks . the 'roided up leeches enter their `` male '' victims through anal orrifices . after watching about a half hour of this mess i had to turn it off.why does this guy fool people into renting these movies . i do n't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it 's time to draw the line . no hetro relationships in this one . just the director molesting his male stars with his camera.horrible stuff , stay away from david decoteau 's work and his fifty different aliases ( unless you know what you 're in for )
i am a fan of historical fiction , and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen ! what bothers me the most is that the general public , who has n't read the tudor biographies like some of us have , will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject ! i wo n't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them . why tamper with history , when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie .
i have been a long-time radiohead fan and , like many others , have been waiting patiently for a live dvd . so i was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist . it never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old ! i could n't help being disappointed when i watched this dvd . the constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch . in fact , i only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust . i know i would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime . i 've always that radiohead was modern , progressive , and totally innovative . i appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey ... and it does n't help that before every song , thom mutters `` this is a new one . ''
the original `` candyman '' sucks so bad , but everybody praises it and i kept wondering to myself , `` am i missing something ? '' so , i tried watching it again and it still sucked as i could not even get through it , so i figured maybe i should watch the sequels and maybe i would find something that i liked about this series . well , after watching `` candyman 2 '' , one becomes cognizant that this series is just full of rubbish ... again , the social overtones and politically correct notions present in this series make the movie absurd in the extreme . the villain in `` candyman '' makes me want to laugh because he is so not scary ... if you want a good laugh , watch the `` candyman '' series , but if you want to be scared , you would even do better to watch `` ren and stimpy '' . in all seriousness , watch `` halloween '' and `` halloween ii '' if you want to see a good slasher and horror movie that really produces the goods and does n't try to send a social message . lol . some people call `` candyman 2- farewell to the flesh '' a horror movie ... i just call it rubbish
i liked this workout the first time i bought it as her fatburning workout . the second time i bought it re-packaged i thought it was a fluke . this time i bought this since it sounded more like weight training and less like circuit training , so it must be different . nope . i have 5 kathy smith videos , all three with different titles and covers only three different contents . i feel this is highly unethical and contacted her company . one month later and i have yet to receive a response .
statutory rape is not funny ! neither is bad acting or pretentious scripts ! ( well , okay they are -- but unintentionally ) ..would have been sexy and funny if : oscar was 18.oscar was not a pretentious ass.oscar 's stepmom was lena olin , and oscar was played by topher grace.gawd ! why ca n't i get paid to churn out mindless crap like this ? ? ? yes , i could do this movie better . i would dump the steady cam , for starters.aaah ! end pretentious crap movies ! just say no
this movie had many of the ingredients to make it truly great , including a phenomenal cast , lead by cate blanchett , and great scenery and cinematography . the actors playing elizabeth , cecil , and walsingham spoke and acted admirably , each phrase spoken with such honesty and feeling , but the words themselves rendered the performances useless . the director and the author of the script greatly misunderstood the characters and the material . they should have read elizabeth the first 's biography by elizabeth jenkins . it is useless to say a movie does not need to be historically accurate but has only to entertain : had the author and director been more historically accurate , they would not have created the unbelievable character they created in elizabeth , who is in turn hysterical , defeatist , overbearing , childish , tyrannical , who never shows her core intelligence , her great love of her people , who had a private core described by her motto `` semper eadem '' , be always one . elizabeth ruled with her advisors , she was not totally ruled by them . she would not have put up with norfolk screaming at her across the council table , nor would burleigh have allowed it . cate blanchett 's wonderful acting and presence were pearls thrown before swine , wasted on a character portrayal that totally lacked any integrity , much less truth . how could the director think that the woman he was trying to portray was any kind of real woman ? the ending had me blushing with embarassment for one and all . we are laughably given william cecil as wimpy and ineffective , and walsingham as the mastermind behind the throne . one of the reviews said that the director inspired rush to play walsingham much like the hindu god krishna . i suggest that he should have first read some english history
recent scholarship has determined the chinese invented the lightbulb in 1800 bc , the internal combustion engine in 2200 bc , and established a world wide grid of radio communication satellites in 650 ad.all this without any systematic mathematics.hurrah for the chinese . alas , like the records of the above globe trotting oriental sailor , all the information and data concerning said miracles of intellectual invention have disappeared , somewhere either burnt , or submerged in tar . but speculation continues . meanwhile , spaghetti was invented there , without which no italy would have arisen . oh , and crackers , they invented crackers , and bed posts first
seriously , i am an expert , and this movie sucks . but , imagine for a moment -- yes , stop and withdraw from your metaphysical prejudices -- a movie whose premise is truly profound , strikingly engaging , and culturally challenging -- that art is only such relative to those individuals , those ` experts ' , whose tastes , likes and dislikes , decide it so . given that aesthetic claims are empirically nonsensical -- a matter of pure subjective opinion -- why is it that some art is valued at all while some not at all ? besides this interesting question , which is put forth explicitly , without the pretentious riddles of terrible poetry , and in about 60 seconds , the rest of the movie is obnoxious editing and narration . avoid at all costs .
this is an excellent story well told in script and action . however , it is quite different from the version i saw on a big theater screen . this dvd has speeded up the action and the english translation dialogue is presented in such rapid changes that it is virtually impossible to read and follow the dialogue . i was very disapointed in this dvd version and would not recommend it to friends
who would give the green light to this ? it is a total remake of the 1968 classic . the only difference is that there is a slight revamp to reflect modern times . since it mirrors the original then it deserves what the biggest complaint hsould be of it ... it pales in comparison to the original . this was really weird to remake this movie . `` dawn of the dead '' was cool b/c it had a new , fresh spin to the story . this has no scares , no atmosphere , no innovations and no riveting performances . skip this one
saw the knock-off series `` jeremiah '' when it was the classic star trek episode `` miri '' , in which all the adults past puberty were killed by a virus originally meant to prolong life . also saw it as the canadian tv series `` the tribe '' , in which all the adults are killed by some sort of plague . also read it in `` the kindling '' , by jennifer armstrong , a novel in which teenagers must care for the younger kids after a virus wipes out their memories and kills all adults . i laughed when the amazon reviewer called the premise of `` jeremiah '' `` intriguing '' . well , the other works do n't have luke perry or pretty f/x . maybe that 's the `` intriguing '' part of this latest adaptation of one of the most overused themes in science fiction .
i loved these guys as a kid . this collection sucks ! ! ! do n't buy it ! the first 3 dvd 's are silent and the 5th dvd is a reunion show . the grand total for shows you can actually watch is 4 . take your time and search out the specific shows and characters you love and get them individually . if i could get my money back i would run to the nearest post office and return this item asap ! !
well , i wrote the review about this set , and boy was i disappointed when i got it . i see that the company who produced it must have paid very little in royalties as there are numerous silent episodes and ones with the lesser caracters . 1 disc has spanky and alfalfa and the fifth is a sad attempt at filling out this collection . the transfers are terrible and the sound is worse . come on guys , at least try to put some effort into it ! ! ! i got the set , watched it < and traded it in at the local hock shop for something i could use . what a waste of money ! !
the movies and stories are classic westerns , the quality is horrible , these are not remastered . it looks like they found the oldest copy of the film and transfered it to dvd . if i did n't like the actual movies , i would not buy knowing the quality
i would love to review this lions gate dvd , but i ca n't catch one word in ten . it is not , as advertised , closed-captioned , and the characters ' speech is too casual and british for me to get . drat ! -- i was so chuffed to see there was a cc version
george clooney and quentin tarantino have got to be two of the worst actors of all time . it 's sheer agony to watch these nerds pretend to be macho tough guys.this whole flick is akin to getting a gift-wrapped packagewrapped in the fanciest wrapping paper ... problem is , as is often the case with tarantino and robert rodriguez , ai n't nothin ' inside the package . get it ? these guys like the worst movies and have managed to become the makers of some of the worst movies ever . the word shallow comes to mind . there is nothing there , and i doubt that there ever will be.however , having said that , i must give credit where credit is due : juliette lewis , the talented juliette lewis , is terrific as usual . good to see harvey keitel do his thing , same goes for fred williamson , the rarely seen michael parks ( this guy , by the way made some terrific country-type records back in the 60 's -- and we wish he 'd do more . he 's up there with merle haggard in my humble opinion ) and , last but not least , the beautiful salma hayek is also in this , although she hardly does enough . she still had the curves back then.in addition to the above , we could have done without all the obvious and crappy cgi effects at the end . the stuff just does n't work ; never did.by the way , the documentary full -tilt boogie is waybetter than the main feature .
perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of lincoln 's various works , such as the sacred place , the messianic legacy , and holy blood , holy grail , or at least show them the places discussed in detail within those books . the dvd will probably be a fine asset for those currently reading the aforementioned books . however , it is simply not successful as a stand-alone video or as a video about the da vinci code . the narrator , mr. lincoln , takes us through the quaint and beautiful countryside of the languedoc , home to the cathar heresy and the albigensian crusade , and points out some interesting details in his wandering . yet he rarely ties the details together into a coherent picture , and often makes comments that would seem to undercut the very idea that he intends to create a coherent picture . as well , he relishes in showing the destruction wrought to many of these mysterious details by treasure hunters and vandals ( many inspired , it would seem , by lincoln 's books ) and repeatedly editorializes against their actions . i finally fell asleep at around the 90 minute mark -- -i can not imagine what else mr. lincoln could have found to drone on about for the remaining half hour .
there are certainly some memorable scenes in this film , but as a whole it just did n't quite work for me . vlastimil brodsky is indeed a talented and endearing actor but spends the whole film playing the same stock character : fanda , a maddening yet adorable grandpa , oh-so-young-at-heart , oh-so-mischievious and impish , but somehow oh-so-good-hearted and harmless that you ca n't help loving him warts and all.in fact , that 's one of the fatal flaws of this movie : the lack of any dark side to any of the characters . they 're all basically harmless walt disney types , even the bumbling and self-absorbed son . there are no real consequences to brodsky 's actions other than stella ( his wife ) finally talking divorce but it 's obvious almost as soon as the words are out of her mouth that she 'll come back to him . there is no center , no force or dynamic power in this film -- -it 's like a limp wine that you tolerate because you do n't want to hurt the feelings of your host . the ending also relies on another lazy device , the virtual deux ex machina in the person of stella suddenly transforming into a spirited accomplice/supporter of fanda 's when she sees that his attempt at self-reform is only making him miserable.this film might 've been much more effective and poignant had it spent more time dealing with fanda 's desperate fear and avoidance of dealing with old age and death , instead of focusing on how clever , audacious and adorable of an elderly madcap he is , which makes much of the film reek not only of kitsch but even worse , narcissism . one wonders if the director was just so awestruck at the chance to work with mr. brodsky , who is a towering figure among czech actors , that he decided to turn the film into a bit of a hagiography of him . a more accurate title for this movie , especially given the ludicrous ending shot as the credits roll , might be : `` the fantasy life of a poor old man . ''
therese , lux , mary , bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls , ages 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 . cecilia , the youngest , lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors . as a cry for help , she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub , she survived the incident . after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age , mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party . some of the neighborhood 's boys are invited over and while the party is in session , cecilia is pretty inanimate , sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt , talk and laugh . midway through the party , cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it . cecilia goes up to her room ( on the second floor of a two-story house ) and jumps out the window , landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house . in this way , cecilia lisbon commited suicide . only four girls remain.the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed . the father saw her immediately , the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum . four of the lisbon 's neighbors , four young boys , suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls , who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world . they got hold of cecilia 's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide . the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer , and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window , she thought she would fly.with their youngest sister gone , the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other , stranding themselves further from the outside world . when school starts again , they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened , not ever mentioning their youngest sister . the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however . the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word `` death '' and the like.trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school , the object of desire to all of the girls at school ... except for the lisbon girls , which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux . trip can not help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty . in the beginning , he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she 's not interested . but after his consistent courtship , lux falls for his charming ways . trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming . after mr. lisbon talks to his wife , he agrees to trip 's request , knowing nothing but trip 's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions , on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew.after trip explains the situation to his football peers , he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely . meanwhile , the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance . though one pattern is used for all four dresses , each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail . once they pick up the girls , they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke , lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke.they then drive to the dance . trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol . another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow , but leave soon afterwards , not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux . at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew , they are all there ... except for trip and lux , who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field . deciding they must make their own curfews , therese , bonnie , mary and their dates leave without them . after fooling around , the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium . trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone . when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there . she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick ( of course ) . but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence.the girls , in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world , begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives . one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls . soon following , the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone . one day , the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep . the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere , the boys hastily agree . they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car . the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese , bonnie and mary , verbally expressing their hopes for the night . but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters . she had hung herself . the boys , scared to death , run all the way home . time passed , things changed , girls came and went ... but no matter what , those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides.ultimately , the movie was nothing short of queer . when trying to sum up the story in a few lines ( such as `` follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors . a story full of obsession , gossip , lust , love , desire and isolation . '' ) the story sounds quite unique and intriguing , but the story fell short of that for me personally . partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation . the movie , in places , is also extremely flawed . i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could 've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services . in many parts of the movie , they should 've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences . the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored . i would only suggest this film to , perhaps , people who like movies such as `` elizabethtown '' which kirsten dunst is also in . but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
the `` latin '' moves in this workout seem strangely like american aerobics to me . you can work up a sweat by adding a lot of intensity to the moves , but if you 're interested in latin dance , my advice is to buy brazilian dance workout with vanessa isaac instead . this workout just is n't as energetic and fast-paced as it looks
personally , i found 8 1/2 to be one of the most boring films i 've ever seen . it was a pretentious , self-indulgent trip down the director 's memory lane . i understood the plot , and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end , but overall was bored silly by stilted , pointless dialogue.having said that , the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching . perhaps 8 1/2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment : p
i remember going to great lengths to fit a matine showing of heaven 's prisoners into a busy saturday afternoon during its 1996 theatrical release . considering the source material and the talent behind and in front of the camera , our little filmgoing party of detective-film fans and alec baldwin groupies ( a.k.a . my mom , my stepfather , and me ) found this contemporary film noir to be a big disappointment . baldwin , who also served as co-producer , brought james lee burke 's new orleans ex-cop/recovering alcoholic hero dave robichoux from the printed page to the big screen . while baldwin and the rest of the cast did well in fleshing out burke 's characters and have some tangy tough-guy/gal dialogue , they 're hampered by two things : 1 . ) the film 's slo-o-o-ow pacing . maybe the louisiana heat got to everyone , not just baldwin . of all the actors , long island native baldwin sweats the most , so much that it began to remind me of the sweating-bullets gags with albert brooks in broadcast news and robert hays in airplane ! 2 . ) a plot that , as rendered in the film ( whether it 's the fault of the screenwriter or the editor , i ca n't be sure ) , never quite follows through on any of its elements . it 's too bad , because these elements could 've made for an exciting movie : drug dealing , illegal alien smuggling , rival crime bosses ( one is played colorfully by eric roberts before he became a parody of himself , essentially playing a southern-fried version of his character from director phil joanou 's 1992 thriller final analysis ) , an adorable little salvadoran orphan girl ( named `` alafair '' by the robichouxs , after dave 's mom . late in my pregnancy at the time , i liked the name alafair so much , i nearly changed my mind about naming my then-unborn daughter siobhan ! ) , and a bevy of beautiful , beguiling women , including earth mother kelly lynch , vampy teri hatcher in a full-frontal nude scene that was much ballyhooed at the time , and mary stuart masterson , looking like a young jessica lange in what was then a change-of-pace role for her : a troubled stripper who loves robichoux . despite the sexy promises in the movie 's ads , none of the ladies share anything with baldwin but dialogue and some kisses and/or embraces . maybe the climate was already so hot , the filmmakers did n't want to add any further steaminess for fear of poor baldwin collapsing from heat prostration ! as my mom put it at the time : `` i thought the height of my day would be seeing sexy , dashing alec baldwin , but he came up sweaty , rumpled , tired , depressed , and moving as if he was in slow motion . if he 'd made love as many times as he got beaten up , it would 've been the sexiest picture of '96 ! '' to be fair , there *are* a number of strong characterization and action scenes , but there 's just too darn much talky , molasses-paced lag time between them -- and yet , oddly , some of the scenes end abruptly just as they 're about to become intriguing ! perhaps joanou , baldwin & co. could 've dredged a tighter , more involving thriller out of this if they 'd whittled the 140-minute running time down to 105 minutes or so . as heaven 's prisoners is now ... well , read james lee burke 's books instead .
after seeing both peyton place and the sequel i can tell you that i could tolerate the recast , carol lynley and tuesday weld were wonderful in their perspective parts . but i have to wonder was it only the cast that changed in this sequel did the writers change as well ? my reasons for asking , the glaring inconsistencys to the original movie . over and over in this film it is stated that selena was raped when she was thirteen , yet in the original film selena , alison and the others were graduating from high school when the incident occured . since when do thirteen year olds graduate from high school , also she looked pretty mature for thirteen . then there 's selen'as boyfriend ( whose name escapes me at the moment ) in the original film he stood by her , through the murder charges , the revelation of the rape , and the miscarriage , yet in the sequel i 'm suppose to buy that he could n't handle any of it dumped her and left town where he met and married someone else . then all the towns people after being put in their place by the town doctor all rallied together at the end of the original film to give their support of selena , yet in the sequel she is considered the town outcast ? i have nothing against sequels even with recast but this one strayed way too far from its original film that all creditbility for it as a sequel went out the door . it was all too obvious that the original film was n't taken into account when writing the sequel . not credible at all
this film offers none of the cheap thrills of a horror film , and has many flaws : a silly plot , cheap religious imagery ( dracula is judas , jeez louise ) , and not one truly sexy or scary moment . and it wastes three gorgeous gals as dracula 's brides , including jennifer esposito & jeri ryan . if you ca n't make a film sexy with these two , you 're in the wrong business . craven has an over inflated rep as a director , he does n't deserve any rep as a producer , if this leaden film is a sample . it makes the worse universal horror film look like citizen kane in comparison . save your money and pick up something scary instead , like bava 's black sunday or any hammer horror
i am a sci-fi / space geek so this movie seemed right up my alley . the cast was solid , the director has talent , and the story is a true story so all pretty much went well ... right ? nope.this was a pretty dull film with very little believable suspense . the formula kept repeating over and over : something goes wrong + houston advises + astronauts do something = all is well . lather , rinse , repeat . boring , very boring . i never once flet any real tension except for the initial `` problem '' which obviously was not that bad because everything went well in the end . the problem is that all of the `` issues '' the men faced were handled so matter-of-factly . rarely did anyone seem rushed or panicked ... . it was just yeah , attach this tube to this tube and magically everything will be ok . i never felt that the astronauts were really threatened , maybe a few times , but only for a minute or two . some reviews claim that this movie was tense and riveting ... . how so i must ask ? nothing really happened . it was not emotional at all since the `` struggles '' of the men were so poorly portrayed . to each his own i guess , but 4 1/2 stars ? geeez , just because tom hanks is in it does not make the movie good follks ! the family interactions were pretty standard : crying wife , kids asking questions , annoying media attention , etc , etc . yeah , i could feel for the characters to some extent , but again , this movie needed a lot more real tension and panic to be meaningful.i will say that the launch scene was excellent and very cool , so were some of the space shots but even those were fake with noise and star-trekkish special effects.too bad , i had high hopes for this film but was completely disappointed and bored.not recommended
oliver stone proves to be just as reliable as a social critic as he is a `` historian . '' platoon and born on the fourth of july were great films but jfk , though brilliantly made , was a sign that something was off about stone 's mental processes.natural born killers could have been a scathing indictment of our media 's obsession with violence and decadence ... but instead it 's just exhibit a in the indictment , wallowing in the filth it tries to satirize
jeez , maybe i am getting old , but i really found absolutely nothing about this film to be interesting or original in the slightest . a brilliant scientist . disfigured . angry . finds temporary techie fix for face . goes to get bad guys . fighting . more fighting . still more fighting . ex mate learns he 's alive . he leaves her anyway ( he 's too ugly ) . the end . more to come , if successful . not recommended
i did n't enjoy the film . i also did n't enjoy the original play by shakespeare . king lear is one of my least favorite shakespeare plays . i do n't consider it particularly creative to remake a play that has already been done , and to add nothing of value to the original . you can set it wherever you like , in medieval japan or on the moon , what 's the difference . it 's king lear , a downer of a play , there 's nothing great about ran just as there 's nothing great about lear , and it takes up three hours of your time.a moron named lear , or hidetoro , or whatever his name is , relinquishes power in his kingdom and turns the power over to his oldest son . the youngest son warns him that it is a bad idea because the sons will be disloyal to their father . he is right , of course , and hidetoro lear gets treated shabbily . he 's wanted dead or dead.in this treatment of the annoying plot , he loses his mind . he has a faithful follower or two . they overact . there is nobody to root for in this depressing and ridiculously overrated downer of a play . lear hidetoro is an absolute jerk . am i supposed to care what happens to him ? why ? because he used to be a powerful king , and a cruel one ? you may as well cry over saddam hussein.look at this movie with fresh eyes . look at shakespeare 's king lear with fresh eyes . this stuff simply is not very entertaining , and is not very good . the hell with king lear . he 's an annoyance
i do n't want to spoil this movie for others and i wo n't . cache is french for hidden and alot was left hidden . why does the son suddenly do what he did ? why does he think his mother is doing what he thinks she 's doing ? i did n't care one bit about any of the charactors . this is a slow going movie with no conclusion . if you have a choice between watching this movie or watching paint dry , flip a coin . i watch international films often and usually fnd them more rewarding than most us made films . not this one .
let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even `` boring '' to my friends . so it is n't the glacial pace of this movie that so bothered me . it is n't the unresolved ending that bothered me . it was n't the violence ( in short bursts . ) it was n't the acting ( the acting was pretty good actually ) . but as a whole this movie was simply a tremendous failure . i did n't care who was sending the tapes and i did n't care what would happen with the main characters . they were unrelatable on just about any level . this movie is the kind where you will see a remotely interesting twist in the plot about 3/4 's of the way in and you 'll think , `` wow i wonder where the story will go next '' . and then it does n't . that was it . very disappointing . i do n't mind excruciatingly slow films as long as there 's some kinda payoff in the end . i really do n't understand all the acclaim that this movie got . as a `` suspense '' movie or as an `` art '' film it fails pretty miserably . the premise was a good idea that went nowhere ... slowly . viewer beware .
i agree with the negative comments - i eventually stopped watching it - unconvincing acting - ( and a small point that i found irritating - in tv movies about war , some of them have a `` too-clean look '' that make a film seem unrealistic . there is no dirt anywhere , as far as i could see - everybody looks too clean , the settings look too clean , and not realistic . the acting level was what finally turned me off . glad it was on tv
if there is one thing michael bay is good at , it 's explosions ... . big 'ol explosions . there are a lot of them in this film , along with a painful-to-watch romantic scene involving animal crackers . this is a film that ben affleck & billy bob thornton ( both in the film ) admit to being ashamed of.pure `` leave your brain at the door '' entertainment .
this film is boring , so much so that i could only take 35 minutes of it before i was forced to push stop . this is a soap opera about politics & oil companies . it 's weird jump around style is confusing & pointless ... do yourself a favor and do n't bother w/ this garbage
i love the office . what i do n't love is amazon listing a 3-disc boxed set of seasons 1 and 2 and the 2 bbc specials for sale and then mailing me 2 separate discs of seasons 1 and 2 . so be aware that amazon is not shipping what they advertise here . i have contacted them and have had not a reply about this
while some critics can argue with dan brown 's research and reasoning on certain historical points , one thing these da vinci `` debunking '' presentations will never be able to refute is this : the downplaying of the feminine role in western civilization and christianity , primarily by the catholic church , and the fact that the church still considered mary magdalene a common prostitute until just a few short years ago : 1969 . nor is it possible to refute the recent polymorphously perverse scandals that have rocked the church after centuries of suppression and may have everything to do with the doctrinal distortions that dan brown has brought out in the open for serious review . this institution is in trouble because it is seriously out of balance with itself and has cut off its spiritual nose to despite its face by downplaying or denigrating the role of women as sacred beings and bearers of the light , when their healthy presence is needed more than ever as a corrective to some of these abuses and scandals . dan brown has done the world a great service by showing how the feminine role in the divine was written out 2000 years ago , with help from peter whose misogynistic views of women are plainly evident in the scriptures even today and are still , quite frankly , shocking and debasing . sorry , but upon this `` rock '' of male dominancy was built the church.thank you again , dan brown , by bringing these matters into the light of day so people can know more of their authentic history or at least do their own research to make up their own minds about which spiritual path is best for them and which ones were built on two millenniums worth of manipulations , obscurations and lies . these obscurations and lies happened through the efforts of a group of petty , insecure and misguided men down through the centuries to ensure their dominance and control over the masses , and they found a way to dominate not only the minds of the masses but their vast material resources , worth trillions , through guilt , control and other hidden but consistent abuses of power . and those of orthodox faith who continue to blindly support such hypocritical institutions have a lot more to answer for than any twenty dan browns put together . people are angry and they are angry at the failure of religion to live up to its own standards of behavior and for distorting what may have been jesus ' actual relationship with the women in his life -- or were the disciples just supposed to be members of a exclusive men 's club with jesus as head and women as a species relegated to second class citizenship ? to answer these questions , some of you will finally have to turn to your own heart and mind for a change instead of some literal interpretation of the truth , because not everything of the light is found in scriptures or on the printed page , especially after the scriptures have been selectively riddled with scissors for reasons of self-interest or from spiritual corruption . the next thing people should ask for is to have the vaults of the vatican thrown open for public view . lord only knows what plunder they contain
a boy has a college interview at a small academy and meets the other guys there . and they talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . they go to classes and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . then they go down to dinner and and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . then nighttime comes and the boys all feel themselves up . in other words , this movie is vintage decoteau . it defies all known logic ( the boy shows up for his college interview , is accepted immediately and somehow moves in the same day with no luggage or discussion with parents ) , has lame effects and lots of half naked boys . it 's hard to tell if this is a commentary on the catholic church scandals or just another excuse to show writhing youg men in bed . definitely another laugh riot from the director of such `` classics '' as leeches and leather jacket love story
i was so disappointed in this film . the only reason i gave it 2 stars is because of the heart and soul terrance howard put into his acting . i love terrance , he is an outstanding actor but seeing him playing a pimp was just embarrassing . he did an excellent job with the acting but i would have much rather seen him portraying marvin gaye . call me naive but is pimping still actually going on in memphis , tennessee in this day and time ? and did terrance howard give ludacris ' character a cassette tape to listen to ? not a cd , a tape . i probably would have flushed it down the toilet too . and the hook to that song , `` you know it 's hard out here for a pimp . '' ya think ? with prostitution being illegal in the state of tennessee and all . i found myself cringing and sliding down in my seat in the theatre when she began to sing because i was so embarrassed . do n't get me wrong , i love my black people but sometimes when we get a chance to make a major motion picture we just do n't quite bring it , do we ? `` the cookout '' `` how high ? '' `` girl 6 '' `` woo '' `` kingdom come '' now we can add `` hustle and flow '' to the list . i 'm glad terrance howard redeemed himself in `` crash . '' do yourself a favor and pass on this one .
dennis leary is hailed as some great angry young man who is trying to bring the world to rights . personally i prefer bill hicks . at least when bill did it he was being original ! ! ! ! ! ! ! dennis leary has in my opinion nicked bill hicks act in a similar way to how i feel about joss stone compared to proper soul artists . sitting in front of a few live videos of a great man and taking notes does not mean you will ever be one dennis ! definately a must have for anyone who enjoys covers bands ... stick to the acting dennis
i was greatly disappointed in this dvd . here 's why:1 . it 's basically 60 minutes of warming up2 . the level 3 ( advanced ) is not that hard.3 . the annoying `` inhale , exhale '' chant really makes it difficult to find my 'center . ' i just wanted to tell her shut up4 . i did n't break a sweat once . 5 . i used it twice and never plan to use it again . i mean , c'mon , i do n't want to waste 1 hour of my day on something that wo n't get me results . i must say the only thing positive about this dvd is the landscape . in short , rent this from blockbuster or buy it used . do n't waste any more than 5 bucks on this . it 's not worth it .
there are no words to describe how awful ( ! ! ! ) this `` movie '' was from beginning to end , but let me try anyway so as to give people a fair chance to avoid it and thus try and prevent their day/evening from being ruined : the film supposedly deals with a woman who has an accident and is `` touched '' by a sex angel only to discover she is a sex addict and the twelfth sex apostle ... need i say more ? the plot , the `` humor , '' the dialogues , and the music are way beyond `` below average . `` there is next to no nudity and there are no , i mean 0 as in zero beautiful girls , in this film ! as for the acting-oh my- the acting is beyond words ... school plays ( and pre-school for that matter ) have better actors ! it is truly sad ... rent or buy ( ha ha ha ) at your own risk . you have been warned !
during my teenage years i was a fan of wwf wrestling and specifically , the rock . he was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest , most disgusting lines ever mentioned on wwf tv . his talent in the ring was spot-on , and the rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete . he rarely made a mistake in the ring ... but he made a huge mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to hollywood.it 's not that doom is really a bad movie . sure , it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters . it 's just a normal , monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense , and that 's it . i 'm sure the movie would 've been big had it been released 10 years ago . todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as doom . okay , so it does go somewhere , but the film is n't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story . doom is the kind of movie you do n't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix , so you rent the movie , watch it , and then forget about it the next morning . of course , i 'm sure you do n't forget to rewind the tape because that 's impolite . the rock never should have left wrestling . it was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans ( and the rock means millions ) really miss him . come back home , rock . please
i bought three dvds ( the wood was one of them ) and the dvds were in european codes which means they wo n't play in the united states unless you own a `` special '' dvd player . i 'm very unhappy with my purchase . my recommendation to you is that you read every single piece of information before you purchase movies that were formatted for another country . this is the catch when you buy movies at cheaper prices
this was a film i was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects . as far as animated features go this was the biggest dissappointment . the acting was good but robin williams did not receive as much screen time as ewen mcgreagor which meant it wasant as funny as it could have been . but the major problem was the story . yes , it did have a good moral but the rest of the films story was weak , boring at times and just silly . i would recommend ice age or garfiled : the movie rather than this film
my major gripe about this film comes down to the issue of easily exploitable weaknesses on the part of the vampires . these extremely frail villains get reduced to ash with the flash of a u-v lamp , vaporized with the slightest touch of silver on their skin , and melted down in less than a second by the light of the sun . vampires are supposed to be scary , but how frightened of them should i be if one can be taken out by throwing a clove of garlic at him . writers for future vampire movies should work on making these creatures of the night a bit more formidable . the first underworld movie would be a good model .
gene hackman is jedidiah tucker ward , an aging yet tireless litigant for the public good , enemy of evil corporate type and the bane of overpaid attorneys everywhere . on the other side of this gap of good and evil is maggie ward , jed 's headstrong daughter . between them is a products liability lawsuit involving car lights that kill people . the premise suggests the ending - jed will win the day , but not before his daughter has been transformed into a noble attorney . jed will fight the good fight ( which will require supreme grandstanding ) while maggie learns just how amoral her side really is.what robs this courtroom thriller is what 's missing in virtually every courtroom thriller - a case that could go either way , an actual case in controversy . maybe because of the amount of preemptive litigation required just to produce a major motion picture , hollywood is simply too beholden to lawyers to make a truly biting film about them . instead of a compelling case , we have one that 's ready for our verdict as soon as we 've seen the suits worn by either side or their offices . the case in `` class action '' is one you can typify as `` david & goliath '' , which is to say that the end has been fated to be won by the little guy by a higher power . there 's no way that we 're going to see a case won ( even by dishonest means ) by donald moffat 's hired band of harvard-trained professional liars , and there 's no way anybody in the audience is going to buy their arguments . maggie 's bosses are so transparently bad , that not only do they screw up , but even their explanations are patently evil even so , the film stacks the deck against them by cynically attributing to them as evil what are basic facts of life for lawsuits of this kind - namely that products liability plaintiffs will make overbroad requests for discovery , and defendants respond in kind by deluging the other side with documents responsive to the request but otherwise valueless . for a thriller about high-paid lawyers , `` class action '' has all the legal acumen of high-school mock-trial , with fewer suprises
all the information ( and more ) you can find in the manual included in your nikon d200 camera box . do not waste yor money and time
about the only thing this movie has going for it is the excellent music . the producers of this film are out of their mind if they expect any viewer who 's not screwed-up in the head to feel sorry for the two stupid main characters just because their sick , incestuous , and adulterous lifestyle is incompatible with the world they live in . if you want to leave your entertainment center in a good mood , do n't watch this
i just watched this movie version of the classic childrens ' book with my wife . here are my gut impressions : first , very little is true to the book . that 's not really a gut impression . that 's the impression i got hearing my wife say `` that 's not in the book ... that 's not in the book ... '' actually this movie is more like a computer animation demo than a vehicle for story telling . it makes for beautiful stills and pictures , and those made me want to see the movie . i expected a heart warming christmas story , and what i got was about an hour of frantic scenes of out-of-control railroad and other technology animated like never before with just enough pauses betwen them to remind me why i 'm watching . you get to see ... a kid chasing a ticket through a train , a kid chasing a ticket over the roof of a train , a ticket making its way through the forest -- rube goldberg style -- back to the train , ( forty minutes into this movie and one girl 's train ticket is the star of the show ! ) ok , the ticket sub plot is resolved and we have ... a train sliding out of control on the ice , a train trying to outrun cracks on the ice , a train going full throttle out of control and racing up and down mountain valleys like a roller coaster ( fans of the `` coaster tycoon '' series of computer games will feel right at home ) until finally it arrives at the north pole . then , the train car with the central character kids gets detached so we have ... a train car running out of control through santa 's village , kids getting lost in the christmas present manufacturing plant and falling through the chutes and machinery of the factory , and then ... kids getting lost in a bag of presents that is taken by a flying machine to santa 's sled launching pad where the star at the top of the tree is dislodged and nearly impales an innocent elf . ho ho ho.at least let me have a joystick and a couple of buttons so i can help these kids out ! it 's like a computer animated train wreck in fast motion . you know it 's awful but you ca n't look away ! and , you 'd better think twice before letting any very young children see this . it could be very frightening on a big screen with the volume turned up . my wife and i were going to watch it with our three and six year old sons , and we were very glad that we didn't.so , what could have been a classic , enduring , and endearing compliment to a classic childrens ' christmas story is little more than a great line for some computer animator to have on his or her resume . two thirds of this movie is devoted to stuff that does n't advance the story or develop the characters one bit . whatever a `` character driven '' story is , this is the opposite . never have i seen so many rendered pixels doing so much and accomplishing so little.i 'd rather set up my old american flyer electric trains and let them run around the tree while i read the book to my kids .
the old dvd from 1997 looks better than the new hd version . i 've compared the two , and the first dvd had good color saturation , dark blacks and looked right with the heavy red and brown palette . the hd version has a blue-green haze covering everything and the picture is too bright . they also removed the film grain and made the image look smooth and creamy . the sound quality is better now , though , and the image of course is higher resolution .
what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look
one of those cases where everything goes wrong in the making of a movie : low budget , unispired performances ( alexis denisof is particularly bad here ) , lack of decent screenplay for the actors to work upon , bad direction , despisable characters , cliched situations ... how kinski chose to act in this one ?
this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie
i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of `` meet john doe '' . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [ ...
appleseed suffers from the problem most big budget , cgi enhanced anime theatrical releases have : gorgeous visuals , but a incomprehensible story filled with dull cliche dialog . trust me , i was sucked in by the amazing trailer like most of you . i wanted this to be a great movie ( as i am a fan of the oav animated series ) . appleseed is worth seeing for the visuals alone ... but that is about all
i saw this movie in a trip and it is one of the worst movies i have seen during the last two years . stupid , stupid and stupid . ryan reynolds becomes annoying.if you have brain , never watch this movi
jack `` deuce '' cooper ( matt leblanc ) is a minor league baseball pitcher who 's got the goods , but no self-confidence . instead of looking up dr. phil , the team manager decides that a simian teammate is just what strike-out deuce needs for a boost . enter ed , a chimp who 's got more talent in his elongated little finger than the whole team put together . ed 's antics , including scarfing down chocolate-covered bananas and pulling toupees off of bald heads , were all `` aped '' by men in monkey suits and animatronics . unfunny slapstick makes this dvd a real strike-out.staci layne wilsonauthor of staci 's guide to animal movie
it is obvious that this movie is full of lies . although i have not actually seen it , i know this to be true because i have seen many discussions on the movie on the fox news channel ( god bless them ! ) . the way he attacks poor mr. heston is deplorable . ca n't michael moore tell from the comments charlton made at the rallies that he does n't have his faculties about him ? i am also unsure that mr. heston even said the things that the movie shows him saying . the ability of hollywood to manipulate and edit sound is truly amazing , making it appear that my president ( heston ) is an uncaring , babbling idiot by simply using his own words - shame on you michael ! and as for the way he got the gun from the bank , i agree with the other posters that the entire point of a bank giving away free guns is completely nullified by the fact that they did n't give him the gun the minute he walked into the bank . bravo to those who figured that out . also , michael moore is fat . take that pinkie
she sings and acts like a airhead , he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the professional wrestkers league ... from the moment these two were married in 2002 , the press and the talk shows were all over them like vultures flying over a carcass . so the silly fools did this stupid reality show for mtv , destroying whatever change they might have had in a life together and filmed every aspect of their lives in front of a camera , now today big surprise , simpson and lachly are getting divorsed . the silly fools asked for it and in the end , it led to heart break
the reviewer who called this a disney `` bait & switch '' hit the nail right on the head ! i , too , remember seeing all these episodes on tv as a kid , then later on disney channel , and was awaiting these to be released on dvd , as i have already purchased the davy crockett and tomorrowland sets and loved them both ; but imagine my overt disappointment when i read the actual details of this slapped together , third rate offering ! i never cared for the elfego baca story , i had been known to go to my room and voluntarily do my homework on sunday nights when these episodes played , but i would have gladly paid the price for this set if it had included all of the `` swamp fox '' episodes ! above and beyond the fact that i am proud to have francis marion as a distant relative , and that i hail from the same part of our great country as this hero of the revolutionary war , who , with his compatriots , probably contributed as much as george washington , thomas jefferson , or any of the other founding fathers to win us our freedom , i really loved this story just for itself ! not only have i decided not to waste my money on this incomplete set , i have even gone as far as removing it from my `` wish list '' to save the funds of my family and friends , as well ! i shall wait to see , hopefully , if disney will ever release the entire `` swamp fox '' story in a complete set , for which i would gladly pay their somewhat exorbitant price
after watching spirited away i was excited to watch other movies by the same director . unfortunately every movie seems to be an excuse to preach his simplistic `` it 's bad to hate '' message.what the creators of princess mononoke and others like them refuse to admit is that hate is a natural reaction and even healthy when directed towards the destructive , disgusting things of the world . yes , hate can become overly consuming , just as any other emotion can overcome us , or we an hate the good things of the world making us the bad one 's , ( just as loving that which is evil would n't be a good thing ) but placed in its proper context at the proper time , at that which deserves hate helps us avoid dangers and deal with certain problems.and the people who claim that hate is all-evil themselves hate the `` haters '' , which i find comical . the movie also has strong pro feminist/anti man messages . i wanted to like this film but i do n't appreciate being duped into listening to people rant and rave about nonsense
black hawk down has n't got an interesting story on offer . when a bunch of marines is stranded in mogadishu , somalia all hell breaks loose as militants start attacking them . from there it is just angry men running and shooting . although this is what you would expect from a war movie , black hawk down remains way below average . i think this movie could have done better with some obvious main characters . now you barely get a chance to start caring about what happens to the soldiers . now you have so many qualified actors doing nothing but firing guns . as this movie was based on events that truly took place , probably americans will appreciate black hawk down a little more . ( sarr )
i loved `` the rm '' and expected the same level out of this movie , but my husband 's whole family agreed to turn it off during the bathroom scene and never watched the rest . the teenagers did n't even want to check it out after that scene . they also loved `` the rm '' . if you can get it from the library go ahead , but do n't spend money on it
[ http : //www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/faq/genesis.asp ] [ www.answersingenesis.org ] has numerous refutations of 'progressive creationism ' and specifically of ross ' assertation of the meaning of the hebrew word for day ( yom ) . they clearly demonstrate the grammatical errors of his claim . also see the book `` refuting compromise '' by jonathan sarfati , ph.d
this effort shows it 's age . in addition , there is a uncomfortable tone in the narration that smacks of a reliance on a pseudo-scientific method somewhat reminiscent of mengele . i suppose it 's possible for it to be taken as tongue-in-cheek by those at the post-graduate level of study at the cheech and chong school of anthropology . however , i have to admit i was unable to prevent myself from throwing this one in the trash after one viewing
until this date i did not receive this prooduct ? what is happening ? i alredy wrote to you about this problem an d i am waiting for a solution regards mario assa
the most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone . the movie is a nokia product placement , highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and , conversely , what a phone can do for you if you have one . the plot centers on jessica ( kim basinger ) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need . mystery # 1 : what is it ? after lots of running/driving in various parts of l.a. the bad guys round up jessica 's family , while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them . mystery # 2 : how will the cell phone save the day ? mystery # 3 . watch for the credits at the end of the film . they show up on a ... ? yep , you got it
it could happen to you was a bit of a disappointment , considering the makeup of the cast : nicolas cage , bridget fonda , and rosie perez among others.the movie brings to the screen the story of a policeman who after winning 4 million dollars on the ny state lotto , decides to share half of it with a waitress he met the previous day . the acting is surprisingly ( ! ) below average , the dialogues are way below average , while the plot is not bad at all . nicolas cage 's character is too naive and too slow , and that was just sad/pitiful ! bridget fonda was unexpectedly plain and bland.rosie perez 's character was overly exaggerated to the point that it got tiring and annoying very early on.as for wendell pierce and stanley tucci this film does not seem to be their thing ; they do n't seem to belong . subsequently , they are not convincing in their roles at all.finally , somebody shoot the `` narrator , '' please ! though the potential for a great movie was definitely there it fails to take off . a shame really ... no masterpiece here.if nicolas cage is what you had in mind , check out the amazing movies city of angels and/or the family man .
nothing but self-important producer yacking about how accomplished he was at an early age , as mere snipnets of what i thought was going to be a movie were shown . very disappointing , as listing did n't indicate that this was not the full movie uninterupped
i do n't like her routine in this dvd at all . i do n't like the strechie . it 's a completely waste and it wo n't give you the same workout as hand weights or balance ball . i solde the dvd the 2nd day i bought it . however , i do like her 'shrink your female fat zone , ' which uses dumbell and balance for upper body , lower body and abs
there are some good things about this film -- it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the nazi propaganda machine was , for one thing . it also shows the main character , antoine moreau , a ( fictional ) famous french mime , having his eyes opened to the reality of the nazis ' 'final solution ' to the 'jewish problem ' . brought to a czech town that has been 'given to the jews ' by the nazis in order to stage a performance that will be seen by the swiss red cross delegation , hopefully persuading them that the germans are not as monstrous as they have been portrayed , moreau changes his original idea for the performance , hoping to get a 'silent ' message to the red cross that will let them know the true fate of jews ( and other 'undesirables ' ) at the hands of the nazis . i 'll briefly mention a couple of less-than-positive observations , and then get into my main problem with the film . the production values reminded me a bit of a made-for-tv movie -- and from time to time it seemed that the sound was a little out of sync with the picture . the image quality on the dvd could have been much better as well . also , the shanachie dvd release is version of the film that has been dubbed with english . this is , in the case of this film , not very well-done . the cabaret singer , for instance , comes across as completely unbelievable in that her voice does n't match her face or ethnicity in the least . everyone in the film winds up with an english accent , which detracts from any authenticity that might have been retained using subtitles instead of clumsy dubbing.another reviewer below brought up the dubbing problem as it apples to one of one of the children , stella ( portrayed by linda jablonska ) . her voice does not sound at all like that of a little girl . she develops a bit of a crush on antoine , which in itself seems like a pretty natural occurrence under the circumstances -- here is a famous artist who has come to the village to stage a show , with her as one of the leads , who is kind and supportive and friendly to her , who listens to her ideas and feelings with attention and respect.the problem i had was with one scene in particular . stella has been caught on the streets after curfew and chased by police . she bites one of them and manages to elude them by squeezing through a break in a fence . in the process of getting away , she gets muddy , scrapes herself bloody in a few places , and tears her clothing . she goes to moreau 's hotel and climbs to the ledge outside his room and taps on the window . when he opens it , he is shocked at her condition , lets her into the room , and begins to try to clean her cuts and scrapes , asking what had happened . he then draws a bath for her , so she can wash herself . as moreau sits down , still in a bit of a daze over what has happened to her , she steps into the bath . just before she pulls her dress over her head , she says to him , ` no looking . ' he shakes his head to bring himself out of his daze and says ` of course ' , then repairs to the adjoining bedroom , where he lies down on the bed to have a smoke , allowing her to conduct her bath in privacy . a moment later , he hears a noise and looks up to see stella emerge from the bathroom , completely naked , in a full-frontal nude shot . moreau gets up from the bed and lifts the covers , suggesting that she warm herself . she climbs into the bed ; he covers her up , and steps away to the other side of the room . there is nothing about the scene that implies that anything improper occurred . he has simply offered her care and comfort and sympathy . this shot only lasts a few seconds , but i feel that , regardless of the director 's reasoning for shooting it in the first place , it could have been left out . if the point was to show that moreau has either had morals all along , or that he has acquired them , it could have been demonstrated in a variety of other ways.earlier in the film , stella had witnessed one of her caregivers , semi-nude , in moreau 's hotel room ( stella saw this from outside ) . given her ` schoolgirl crush ' on moreau , it seemed natural for her to become upset over this . as a result , however , the scene after the bath comes across as a young girl inappropriately mimicking adult sexual behaviour . this , combined with the ` adult ' voice dubbed over stella 's , makes the scene even more disquieting.there are some viewers who might argue that , in europe , ` standards ' involving nudity and sexuality are not as reactionary as those in the us . in many instances , i would wholeheartedly agree with them . there is much hypocrisy in the dynamics of american culture and moral values , and not a little bit of neurosis . however , the sexual objectification of children is something about which i feel very strongly ... and i think the scene in question in this film amounts to exactly that . do n't get me wrong -- i 'm not so prudish that i turn away from even full-frontal nudity in a film , if it 's not gratuitous and it 's an integral part of the storyline ... but here , it involves a prepubescent girl , and could have easily been left out . it worries me bit that this point has not been made by other reviewers . have we become so numbed in respect to nudity in films that many ca n't recognize an instance where it 's not only unnecessary , but potentially harmful ? i 'm glad i 've seen the film -- and i 'd recommend it with a bit of praise and some strong reservations , as noted above . with all of the ridiculous claims from some quarters that the holocaust never happened , i think it 's vitally important for films on the subject to be made and seen . the czech film all my loved ones is an excellent film about this horrible time that has not gotten the attention it deserves -- seek it out.n.b . -- this is the second time i have posted this exact review . i noticed today ( 6 april 2006 ) that it has , for some reason , been removed from the site . i 've re-read what i 've written , and i do n't see anything objectionable or offensive . the issues i have with the film are discussed straightforwardly . if anyone objects to anything i 've written here , i 'd like to know what it is .
if you have read harmon 's acting resume online , then you know she has talent , she has the training , and the ability to really play a good dramatic role if one came along . but being a mild conservative ( angie is a republican ) in liberal hollywood can useually mean that the film companies give her really medicore scripts to look at . good advice was bad advice for her . it is miscast with two annoying stars ; sheen and richards ... and some of the worst scenes and dialoge ever in a movie . it has no redeaming values at all and angie deserves better roles then this . this movie was made by artiscan films , which recently went into bankruptcy and is now lions gate films , their films are still bad no matter the name change , and i still wait to see a better movie come to angie harmon
i enjoy this genre of film , but found this one dull . it carries a rough smattering of supposedly sentimental and inspiring elements that are intended to create cohesion and a willing suspension of disbelief , but fall short of both aims . i actually groaned in response to the predictability , and shuttered at the stereotypes , which were mentioned in another review . at best , stereotypes of ignorant , aggressively dangerous , and perpetually struggling african and hispanic american students who are lost in the world and can only be saved by a lovable , blue eyed , blonde-haired european american belle with superior life experience and intelligence are offensive . at worst , these stereotypes are haled as informative and inspiring . this movie has hit the worst in perpetuating stereotypes as both . further , it fails to inspire thought or commentary on real racial , societal , and economic issues , which is what this genre of film is usually esteemed for .
this could possibly be the cheesiest movie i have ever seen ( and i have seen a lot of movies ! ) do not waste your money on this low-budget , low-acting-ability , low-camera-experience movie . i enjoy a good `` gay movie '' every now and then and this was not it . sorry to disappoint
this movie was only slightly better than your basic horror cliche ; the nuclear testing/mutant premise seemed promising , but all the main characters were stupid/annoying . seemingly to make up for the lack of interesting characters , the script-writers/director threw in lots of unnecessary gore . for the most part , though , the special effects were at least well-done ; however , a few of the effects were somewhat misguided . for instance , blood on bodies that have been sitting out for awhile in the hot desert is red ; would n't it dry to brown very shortly in that kind of heat ? ? acting was mediocre . i 've never seen the original , so i can not say whether this is better or worse . the movie is not for the faint-of-heart simply because of the gore , but it definitely was n't very scary . two stars
i look at the average raiting for this movie . # stars , now thats supposed to mean its ok. well ppl , this plotless load of junk is getting more than it deserves . i read some review saying the musicwas good , and , well , from my perspective it seemed like the music was played at entirely random moments . like it could skip from a fight scene to a dramatic we feel sorry for darkman moment , and i would almost barely knotice , if it wasnt for stupid clips they play of images that make no sense . it was like they didnt know what to show so they figured this is kinda how he feels so lets just put this here . save your money . i bought this after seeing the first , which was lame , but i though it was ok , and hoping this one would hae like maybe better action sequences or something . well this was in 6th grade . huge mistake i hated it when i first saw it . it seemed like they wanted to make a sequel but never got around to doing it . and about the actrion sequences it looked like i was at six flags watching that batman show they play . good , considering its live , but lame as far as movies get . oh , and the villians who were supposed to seem smart or truly evil , just seemed spiteful and annoyingly upsessed with killing . i really think this is one of the most absolutely stupid films ever made . but that was untill i saw reptillian . which is kinda depressingly awfull
i bought the movie on accout rose was on the cover . i got home and watched and in the end i was disappointed and in tears . this movie is not for people under eighteen cause of some of the stuff she doe
it has been a long time since i read the novel upon which this book is based , but i do clearly remember it making sense . this movie does n't even make sense ( to quote a chicken i know ) . marlon brando somnambulizes his way through the film and , instead of coming off as sinister , menacing , and dominating , he makes dr. moreau into a joke . val kilmer 's portrayal is vacuous and silly . is the character supposed to be under the influence ? i guess he wanted it portrayed that way . the script ? is there one ? moreau talks about having almost reached his goal . where ? his one `` son '' and his `` daughter '' do have some fine traits , but both are also pretty ineffectual.several reviews have mentioned the special effects . i actually saw very few special effects . the rat-people on the boat were creepy and well-done , and some of the characters did make some superhuman moves , but mostly i saw people in very elaborate , well-done costumes , using well-distorted voices.the central character , played by david thewlis , should have been the focus of the movie , as he is the narrator . he kept getting lost in the shuffle , and i kept waiting for him to see things that i saw , and to ask the questions that i would have asked . i like him as an actor , but this is certainly not a memorably good performance . it is somewhat ironic that he is the witness to animal-human hybrid horror here , but is the werewolf in `` harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . `` the film does create a sense of the nightmare . several of the characters do show glimpses of depth and genuineness , most notably ron perlman 's preacher , but then he 's well-practiced , from his `` beauty and the beast '' television series . that was what ( barely ) earned this film its second star . let 's vote them all off the island , and start over . robert duvall as moreau ? replace kilmer with matt damon ? casey affleck replacing david thewlis
ok , the original is a classic and is what ... 90 ... 100 minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character ... something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters.the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
george sluizer 's original dutch-french version of the vanishing ( aka the man who wanted to know ) offers one of european cinema 's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths , feeling his way one step at a time towards murder . if you 've seen that version , you probably still ca n't get the final revelation out of your head , but the film had plenty more to offer than that , playing with chronology , subverting the usual cliches of its 'lady vanishes ' plot ( the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive ) and throwing in some excellent characterization . i can only assume that for this 1993 us remake sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself , but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work . his career never recovered.chief culprit is an astonishing performance by jeff bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level . a friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing , and this film is the proof of the pudding . every movement is overly mechanical in its precision , making him look like a rusty clockwork toy , while his voice is a bizarre mixture of tootsie , latka gravas from taxi and a dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from dok-tah e-ville . no banality of evil here , just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying `` please . let . me . kill . you . thank you . for your . consideration . ' but the blame really needs to be shared out here . none of the performances are good : often , they do n't even look good - keifer sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station , nancy travis flounders badly and sandra bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession . not that they 're given any help by either director or writer todd graff . the script is particularly weak . the chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film . worse is the rush the film is in , draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next . rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple 's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location , we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he 's probably better off without her . as for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame ` let 's end on a joke like a tv cop show ' moment - best not go there ... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie . even a shockingly bland and uninspired jerry goldsmith score ca n't do anything for this one .
why did they even bother transferring this movie to dvd ? seriously ? the [ ... ] child of a masterpiece , `` the vanishing '' sports some of the most half-hearted performances and sometimes downright hilarious performances of the 90's.this is n't a matter of comparison . this movie , all by itself , just sucks . if i had n't seen the original i 'd just think , `` what a brilliant plot , too bad they decided to bury it ( no pun intended ) with everything else in the movie '' . jeff bridges manages an unintentional bust a gut type performance as the sociopathic professor ; his accent is so forced and ridiculous that one wonders occasionally if this a parody of that great , gut wrenchingly disturbing , hitchcockian 1988 movie . sandra bullock and kiefer sutherland are themselves , which add nothing to the movie . and the ending . oh , the ending . we 've been cheated . totally cheated . all the power that this clunker might have had is torn away in a fervor of `` it has to be upbeat ! '' hollywood cornball syndrome . sandra bullock is rescued , the villain is hit with a shovel , and everything is a-ok ! even though kiefer sutherland 's original girlfriend has been buried alive and suffocated . this is [ ... ] of a great movie .
the flight into new york had been a long one ; but i was gently revived when kirsten dunst met me at the airport . she was to be my escort that night at the lincoln center where the president would present me the distinguished writer 's cross-the highest award this nation can bestow on an author . i quickly slipped my only suitcase in the backseat and sat next to her as she drove her mercedes s class sedan to the waldorf astoria downtown . `` i have to admit that i did n't you who you were until i read starless grasslands . i do n't mean to embarrass you ; but that book changed my life . `` i tried to be polite and gracious toward the compliment . for the remainder of the trip we had a nice conversation while i approved the fluid motion of her hands and legs as she maneuvered the controls of the automobile . i very much approved of her legs.as i departed the car , kirsten leaned toward the open door to catch my eyes . `` do n't forget . i 'll be by at seven so we can go to the ceremony together . please be ready . `` i expressed gratitude for her generosity and promised to be waiting for her seven sharp . the hotel staff greeted me and soon i entered the elevator for a quiet ride to the eighty sixth floor . as i entered the suite , the steward took my request to have my suit blushed , prepared and returned in a few hours.finally , a bit of peace . i poured a small measure of whiskey into a chilled tumbler and then walked over to the large window looking out over the city below . for a few moments i contemplated the remarks i was to make at this evening 's formal ceremonies , then i heard the hushed movement of stocking feet behind me across the room . i turned around and out of the bedroom to my left in walked sandy bullock dressed in a black sheer see through cat suit . `` well , crabby , are n't you glad to see me ? `` before i could recover from my surprise another set of feet wisped across the floor from the sitting room on the right . it was jennifer aniston dressed in the same black sheet cat suit . `` sweetheart , do n't look at her . come here to me . `` `` get out ! '' screamed sandy . `` no , you get out . it 's not fair . i left brad for him so i get him ! `` the two of them stood in angry silence staring at each other for a tense moment . then sandy leapt at jennifer and instantly they were in a bitter fight hissing and scratching each other . it was a ferocious sight as pulled hair , shrieks of pain , and nylon tearing could be heard . then almost a quickly as it began , the fighting pair disappeared into the sitting room . several sharp punches were heard then a definite thump as a body fell to the floor . sandy marched back into the room victorious . i ran to the door of the sitting room only to see jennifer laid out on the floor out cold , spread eagle and naked . before i could think of what to do sandy tapped me on my shoulder . i turned around and there sandy stood . a little worse for wear . trying to catch her breath . nude with her torn cat suit draped across her feet . `` forget her . she wo n't bother us now . `` sandy brushed the stray hairs out of her face , smiled and stepped out of her nylon costume . she posed standing and anticipating my admiration . `` now i 'm all sweaty and warm . i need a shower . '' sandy turned her lithe body and walked into the bedroom and into the bathroom beyond.i turned around and wondered what i should do for poor jennifer still laying unconscious on the floor . then i heard sandy calling . `` crabby , why do n't you come and help me ? you could soap up my ... ... '' oops ! ! ! ! sorry ! ! ! err ... just a little fantasy of mine . i meant to honestly review this movie but my more realistic nature took over . i swear my pitiful fantasy is actually much better than the story told here . you see , the cover of this dvd displays ms. bullock prominently with her name in big font letters . but in truth this movie focuses on tate donovan as the main character and only on ms. bullock as his unlikely love interest.as much as i `` love '' sandra bullock , i have to admit her filmography has not been kind to her . her best films have been while you were sleeping , wrestling ernest hemingway and the much-unappreciated hope floats . unfortunately for each of these gems are several terrible movies like fire on the amazon , hangman , speed 2 and this movie.the plot revolves around two `` losers in love '' who are unappealing both in looks and personality . donovan comes across a love potion from a gypsy woman ( an unrecognizable anne bancroft ) and soon both donovan and bullock have the most desirable members of the opposite sex at their feet . all goes well until others find out their secret and donovan and bullock discover that their true love is actually between each other.the story is predictable and unfortunately not very funny or all that sweet . chances are you can find a copy of this dvd fairly cheap and it is not a bad way to kill some time while you 're waiting for your own boyfriend or girlfriend to get off work-or your friends to wake up from their naps-so you can really do something worth wild .
maybe i loved the original one too much , but this version of the story did not work for me . i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas . stick with the first one . it was perfect
do n't expect a comedy in the vein of trinity or they call me trinity . if you do , you are in for a fall . both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining . this one has no such pretensions . it is merely boring.the story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town 's folk out of their claims . they do this through intimidation and violence . when a couple of friends get hold of a claim , they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys . to do this , they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction . they yell , they fight , they wrestle , they shoot and then they do it some more . its not very exciting cinema.this production is made worse by the dvd . i suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair . the dvd , however , is of such low quality that who could really tell ? the edges are clipped off , the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it . it was not worth the effort.spaghetti westerns can be fun . this one , however , needs the pepto bismol right from the beginning to drive off the heartburn .
nothing . not even a trailer . what a wasted opportunity for a commentary by west ( who does do them -- he did one for when a stranger calls ) or a retrospective featurette.all you do get with this extended version is additional dialogue between cusack 's character and a female law enforcement officer in a hanger , footage of a prison riot during the opening credits montage and a few more graphic shots of hapless inmates being killed during the course of the movie
i hate to admit i actually own this thing on vhs . and unless my mind is going more than usual , i have this cut of the movie too.double ( and more ) dipping by the studios seems to be the way of dvd . we get at least four issues of terminator 2 , but none of robinson crusoe on mars . i personally am sick of it.director 's cuts , unrated editions , and other snaky ways of trying to separate my money from my wallet . no wonder i 've taken to borrowing nearly all my dvds from the public library.no , you generally do n't get them the day they come out . but honestly , when was the last time you purchased a movie from hollyweird that was worth keeping ? do n't do it
if this movie was ever going to have a chance , it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long , or never attempted in the first place . some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - possession just ca n't be dealt with that way . what you have as a result is another story entirely . there just was n't time enough , i guess , to develop the characters , or even to include half of them . the only character true to the book and left almost intact was sir george . the rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating , and we are left with painful stereotypes and , in the case of roland michell , a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming . my best advice is that if you 've read the book , skip the movie , but if you saw the movie , you should do yourself a favor and get the book
`` modigliani '' ( 2004 ) is a self-indulgent , pretentious and largely fictional portrait of a tragic artist . writer-director mick davis goes overboard on the symbolism while revealing precious little about the man and his work . ironically , the viewer has a better understanding of pablo picasso than amedeo modigliani . despite his boundless enthusiasm , andy garcia is simply too old for the title role . an irritating fiasco that deserved its straight-to-video fate
i saw this at a friends house -- so thank god i did n't pay any money to see this bit of idiocy . i can only assume any good review you read was written by someone with a financial stake in the film ! the guys are not hot ... not even lukewarm for that matter . the acting is terrible . please ... anyone who had anything to do with this , do n't continue in the film industry . if it was possible to assign negative stars , i would do so for this awful experience . run away
saw this on the box last night . i sat through the whole thing just to see if it would improve - it did n't . i kept wondering whether this was a radio play that someone had decided to film . the dialogue is wooden , the plot is pathetic , the whole set-up is unconvincing . it looks like something the actors did in a couple of days due to contractual obligations of some sort or maybe to cash in on the whole `` vegas '' craze - which ranges from csi to `` the cooler '' . ( incidentally , `` the cooler '' is another one to avoid . ) i would give this zero stars if i could
leary is a hack . he was n't `` influenced '' by bill hicks , he stole material . that makes him a hack . how can you leary fans argue with the definition of the word hack ? take it up with webster 's dictionary . the exact bits leary stole are described in the book american scream on pages 201-202 . bill hicks was incensed when he heard leary 's tape . on behalf of bill 's memory , give credit to the original .
i 'm puzzled as to why anyone should pay $ 59.39 for these three dvds that currently retail on amazon for $ 11.24 ( signs ) , $ 14.99 ( unbreakable ) , and $ 26.99 ( sixth sense* ) totaling $ 53.22 ? *there is also a less expenseive `` collector 's version '' of the sixth sense that only costs $ 14.99 if you 'd rather not pay the $ 12.00 for the `` vista series '' extras.i 'm also skeptical as to whether the version of unbreakable sold here has as much content as the vista series edition sold seperately that contains 2 discs ( i assume this edition does not because this box set only includes 3 discs , 1 per movie ) . i love the movies , but where 's the price break on buying them all together when the package is $ 6.17- $ 18.17 more than purchasing these dvd 's seperately ? ? ?
i love the firm workouts , and i love the instructor allie , so i was so excited to try this new workout . i was unfortunately extremely disappointed.this workout was not complicated , but it also was n't much of a workout . i did n't get my heart rate up at all , and did n't break a sweat . some of the moves are just not very good , and having to repeat them everytime we add on got really annoying.the disco part was my favorite , but overall , this is a workout that i can honestly say i would rather have the money then the workout . i will keep it and periodically do it on a very light day or in addition to another workout , but that 's just because i have it . i 've tried a couple other of the new firm workouts that are more worth the money ... this one i am sad to say is not .
this could have been one of the best films of the 80 's . all of the components are there . ford gives the best acting of his career . the production is elegant and holds up as often breathtaking even by today 's standards . two things however really bring this movie down . the major negative here i believe is polanski 's insistence on starring emmanuelle seigner . this is one of the sexiest women i have ever seen grace a film , but it is the understatement of the year to say that she ca n't act at all . in fact , i think that she might have just about turned in the worst acting performance i have ever seen in this film and it totally destroys ford 's performance . when the film was over i thought about it and came to the conclusion that there is really two halves here . the first half is dynamite ; the second with seigner is a totally different beast , your average stupid kid thriller . watch this film and dare contradict my statement here . get beyond her obvious good looks and tell me she just was not meant for this part . it 's so bad that ford fades into the background in any scene that she was also in.ok , the second negative in this film are these two agents that keep popping up . there is no explanation ever given as to how they knew where ford and seigner would be time and time again . it really ruins what could have been a very nicely done and subtle plot . they were never needed and muddle an otherwise great story.i am really kind of mad with polanski here . he destroyed what could have been one of the better films he has made . and this statement comes from one who worships the ground polanski walks on .
we expose our babies/toddlers to a wide variety of cultural sources , in several languages . therefore , having seen similar products it seemed logical to purchase this one , given it is touted as a multilingual introduction to their environment ( our little ones are trilingual : english , spanish and asl , and they ignore us in all them ! ) . big mistake . the video not only reinforces but solidifies the sexist portrayal of love so prevalent in other baby einstein ( be ) items . in earlier be products one could see only female hands manipulating objects as they presented them on screen . male hands were never present . this video goes many steps furhter by featuring male figures only in the background , or at best , an elderly man briefly interacting with a child . everywhere else you see multiple females lovingly playing , caring or otherwise being nurturing to children . males are only seen ( with the exception of a black couple in bed while kids jump to play with them ) in a distant background in entirely detached attitudes , or at least distant , dry and quiet poses , such as talking with a much older ( male ) child . it is as if they are shown there as part of the domestic landscape , however as movable and inane as potted plants , whom you can move and place at will . i felt insulted by this condescending and disqualifying view of male love and nurturing abilities.asides , when you go into the spanish version , it is ( for a professionally produced video ) riddled with mistakes . three objects are mislabeled . in the first , when a cup - the plastic or paper tall type , not the coffee and saucer version , it is called `` la taza '' , when in reality it should be `` el vaso '' , as unlike english , where it is interchangeable `` vaso '' is the specific word for that item . the second - much worse instance , still in the kitchen was to introduce a bowl . there , the clueless scripter translated it as `` el bol '' , a clear and poor corruption of the english word into a one commonly used in spanglish , instead of calling it `` tazo'n '' , as its correct name is . the last one i saw was in the yard ( i 'm suprised they did n't call it la yarda ! : `` looka mami ! get la troca and go a la marketa a buy a boncha de carrotas ! `` ) . this time they called an obvious swing ( two ropes and a seat in between ) `` la hamaca '' , when in reality hamaca means hammock . fortunately , we are native speakers amnd are abel to catch these pitfalls , but many people relies upon these products to teach their kids other languages . in sum i was discusted with the whole thing .
i could barely get through the ... um ... er ... reimagination ... of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's `` performance '' is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $ $ $
the ab portion of the dvd is good , although i fast forward through the warm ups and skip the cool downs altogether . the buns workout is not challenging enough except for the first set . the last one is a step-type exercise so if you do n't have something you can step up on , you ca n't do it . the dvd itself is not very professionally done . tamilee miscounts , does n't look at the correct camera when speaking to the audience and often fumbles her words . abs of steel maybe , buns of steel , no way
i bought this dvd to replace a worn video from the bbc ( british broadcasting commission ) . it was a bit of a shock . the original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through . it also now has a poor voice over . the whole feel of the film has been removed . all the pbs ... and viewers like your rubbish ? where 'd that come from . it was totallly funded via the bbc . the pbs editions mess up may have been funded by someone else . my copy is going free as i wo n't be watching it again.sincerely , do yourself a favour and source out a bbc edition . i give it ( 5 stars ) it is an awesome package . inspiring and well told . something to watch again and again ( hence i 've worn out the video cassette
theres only one word to describe this ppv and thats s**t , why did they have to ruin 2 matches ( main events ) what could have saved this event ! this features 4 titles on the line and if you buy the dvd you also get some extras.match 1 world tag team titles - fatal fourwaychris jericho and christian ( c , i call them y2c ) vs lance storm and william regal vs dudley boyz vs booker t and goldust ! this match made every body think the ppv was gon na be great ( even though it was'nt ) but a great opener and the winners of this match deserved the titles ! 7.5/10match 2edge vs a-trainshort match but had some good highspots , but the end turned the whole damn match around when it ended in dq ! 6/10match 3eddie gurrero ( tag team champion ) vs chris benoiteasily the match of the night and there were'nt any titles on the line and if you liked this you should watch there match at vengeance 2003 ! 8.8/10match 4kane vs batista ( w/ ric flair ) this is where everything changes this match was a squash but had some good moves good win for batista ! 5.5/10match 5triple threat match - womens championshiptrish stratus vs jacqueline vs victoria ( c ) we 've got jezabell ( victoria ) whos absessed with trish and jackie was added in since she beat jezabell . jezabell wins via hitting trish with the title and covering jackie ! 5.5/10match 6single match - wwe championshipthe big show ( c ) vs kurt anglenot bad but just needed either more time or better action , it was cool seeing brock f5ing big show and kurt angle being new champion ! 7.5/10 main eventmatch 7 2 out of 3 falls match - world heavyweight championship1st fall - street fight- 8/102nd fall - cage match- 6/103rd fall - ladder match 2/10triple h ( w/ ric flair ) vs shawn michaels ( c ) this was something like the second 2 out of 3 falls stipulation match and was a main event outcome : pathetic ! first fall was a bit too long but was really good like there match at summerslam ! second fall had crashing tables and that was it , that was cool but it was much of a match hbk kicked hhh ass easily ! third fall was'nt much and this match could have saved this event ! 7.9/10overall armageddon 2002 had some good matches escpecially benoit vs eddie the 2 main event could have been much better though ! overall : 6.7/10dvd extras : - 5 exclusive interviews- extra match : fatal four-way elimination match to determine the number 1 contender ( from smackdown - 5th december 2002
`` the door in the floor '' is difficult to like , even , ( or perhaps especially ) , if you 're a fan of john irving 's book , `` a widow for one year , '' which was the source of this film . the movie is dark , depressing , & slow-moving . it also showcases the least likable characters from the book . to make matters worse , it focuses only on the first third of the novel 's story , which leaves us with an entire movie about an alienated , ( & alienating ) , couple 's suffering . the film is completely devoid of the novel 's interesting & more enjoyable journey through this tragic period of a family 's life & into the more fulfilling chapters in the lives of characters who are n't well developed in the film , but who are central to the book 's satisfying end to an otherwise hopelessly sad story ! this may give you an idea why the film was n't very successful with audiences . the theme is of deep personal loss and the devastating effects it can have on people . unfortunately , the film version of the story concentrates almost entirely on the agony experienced by the parents , played by jeff bridges & kim basinger , in the aftermath of the accidental death of their two teenage sons . it wallows in the empty chasm that 's grown between them & delves into the sad , meaningless , & even cruel love affairs they each engage in , in vain attempts to ease their sorrows & escape the pain of the love lost between them & of course , the greatest loss , the loss of their sons . the film also highlights the rather ugly way this couple inflicts damage upon the people they use for this purpose . and finally , we witness the pain of their very young daughter , who was born out of yet more of the parent 's attempts to fill their empty , sad lives , and we 're treated to a view of her pitiful childhood , growing up with parents who truly `` are n't there . '' the greatest mystery for me is why the screenwriter chose to tell just a small slice of the story of this great novel , and even worse , why they chose to `` bring to life '' only the most depressing and frankly least interesting parts of it ! if the theme of loss is one you 're very interested in , you might find this movie quite affecting . as for me , a great fan of the book , i can only hope that someday someone makes a better & more complete adaptation of this great book . it 's not nearly as desperate & sad a story as this film version ! on subsequent viewings i 've grown to appreciate this film a bit more . taken completely apart from the novel , it 's not a `` bad '' film . undoubtedly , the performances are wonderful , however little fun they are to watch .
in terms of both format and style , `` rent '' - despite its superficially modernist tendencies - has its roots firmly planted in the grand old operatic tradition . yet , it suffers from the weakness common to most modern musicals in which the characters sing virtually nonstop throughout the entire production - which is that it makes it hard for the audience to connect with the characters . in more traditional musicals , the long stretches of spoken exposition between song-and-dance sequences serve as an opportunity for the audience to get to know the characters as recognizable , flesh-and-blood human beings . this is less of a problem with a florid romantic fantasy like `` phantom of the opera , '' which seems a natural for this type of approach , but with material like `` rent , '' which is small in scale and intimate in scope , the constant singing serves as a distancing device for the audience . i know that this play ( and , perhaps now , even the movie ) has generated a passionately loyal fan base who considers `` rent '' practically sacrosanct and therefore beyond criticism , but to someone , like myself , coming cold to the work , `` rent '' adds up to much less than the sum of its parts.the story , a modern day update of `` la boheme '' set in greenwich village , starts on christmas eve , 1989 , and ends on christmas eve , 1990 . this was at the height of the aids epidemic , and , indeed , many of the film 's characters - primarily gay men and former junkies - are struggling with the disease ( aids being the modern equivalent of the consumption used in the original story ) . there 's also a wheezy subplot involving a real estate company that wants to evict the starving artists ( one is tempted to call them `` deadbeats '' ) from a building in order to further their diabolical scheme of re-developing a city block . `` rent '' - with its noble `` performance artists '' doing battle against the big bad corporate bullies - feels less like a relic from the ` 80 's than one from the ` 60 's . though intended to be the heroes of the piece , the artists and bohemians often come across as naï¿½ve , painfully self-absorbed , and annoyingly self-righteous , an attitude epitomized by one of the characters rigging a local atm machine so that his buddies can withdraw unlimited amounts of money from it using his dead boyfriend 's name ( the heavily allegorical `` angel '' ) as the password ( this is somehow supposed to be seen as admirable and a tribute to the spirit of the dead man ) . anything ` s better than actually working , i suppose , and becoming a tool of corporate america . when one of the men finally takes a dreaded `` job '' ( a mere sinecure , i might add ) so that he can actually pay the rent he owes ( horrors ! ) , he acts as if he is selling his soul to satan , and has to have two of his lady friends accompany him to the interview for moral support and to offer him assurances that he will still be able to live with himself even after he has soiled his hands with the dirty mammon from an honest-to-god paycheck . i wonder why it never occurs to any of these characters that the capitalist system they loathe so deeply is also helping to produce drugs that will one day lead to a possible cure for the disease that afflicts them . with the exception of newcomer rosario dawson , the filmmakers have retained most of the original broadway cast members for the movie , and even though their acting is n't all that impressive , some of them do very well indeed at singing and dancing . in his direction , chris columbus has broken away from the confines of the original production , but he never manages to bring us into the world of the people we 're watching . despite the constantly tracking - sometimes even spinning - camera he has chosen to employ , the film still feels stagy , over-stylized and artificial in almost every scene . as to the libretto by the late jonathon larsen , only one tune strikes me as truly memorable , while the rest all sound like repetitive musical doodling . one of the problems , too , with having so much of the conversation sung rather than spoken is that the lines are sometimes so utilitarian , pedestrian and prosaic - when they are n't pseudo-intellectual drivel on the order of `` the opposite of war is n't peace ; it 's creation '' - that they become unintentionally funny when set to music . it 's not for nothing that the sharks and the jets did n't actually sing out most of their confrontations . there are , admittedly , some very moving passages in the last half hour of the film as the disease finally begins taking its grim toll on several of the characters , but those moments of quality are completely undercut by one of the silliest copout endings i have ever seen in a motion picture . in that one crucial moment , the movie descends to the level of low comedy and farce , taking any pretensions to seriousness right down the drain with it . i don ` t question for a moment the basic humanity and sincerity of the people responsible for `` rent '' ( or of its many devoted followers ) , but it ` s hard to get too worked up over a story whose premise seems to be that people - especially `` sensitive '' artists - should be allowed to live on other people ` s properties for free
i idiotilcy got this dvd because of colin firth , and , as you can see , it sucks . btw , this is not `` prasadjonnalagadda '' but rather his daughter , he just comes to buy crap , but never reads the reviwes . anyways , i had better time watching a syndicated simpsons ' episode than watching this bomb . at first , i thought that this movie might 've had some potential because of the suberb stars : colin firth and minnie driver ( good will hunting , won an oscar for it ) i did not yet know heather grahm , but after this movie , i hate her now ! i will admit , she was alright up until she got drunk in the car . that . was . annying beyond reason . other than that , the film 's set up is absolutly horrible , starting off with colin coming to a town just because it 's called hope ? and falling in love with someone only after a couple of days ? and there is also the horrible music that does n't fit the mood at all whenever they play at the scene . pepole , i originnaly gave this a 2 star for colin and minnie , but heather is responsible for everything else .
i love the history channel , have infinite respect for the avg , love john wayne films , and lived two years in the part of china where flying tigers is set . so , you 'd think i might adore this film ? i had hoped so , but unfortunately republic pictures made this opus on the cheap.john wayne plays a fictional commander of the american volunteer group , somewhere between claire chennault and pappy boygnton . he does his best to carry the film , and does ok , but he ca n't carry it alone . bad effects , cheap stock footage , flimsy sets , and bad script all plague tigers.republic made little effort to hide the california filming location and even used the wrong planes ! there is little mention of the oss-avg connection , and the film was made too early on to be a good history of the avg , even if it were accurate.the heroes of the avg deserve better than tigers ; this film is n't a tribute to them , it 's a sloppy , propaganda film that does them little service
i caught some of this on pbs and was beyond appalled that they chose to cast reba mcentire as nellie . musicals are for people that can sing , not whine and slide their way up to the preferred pitch . i 'm a native of arkansas , by the way , and it hurts my ears to listen to reba 's voice . reba 's country treatment of the vocals shows exactly how talentless she is
unable to see the movie . received the original shipment , and later a replacement , and both had the same defects and we were unable to watch the movie
highly acclaimed . that , i knew . i watched the first 30 minutes , which is 1/4 of the movie , before i decided to hang it up . new lady moves into a conservative french town and opens a chocolate shop . this upsets the local church , even before she begins unleashing secret desires and so forth with her sinful chocolate . okay . can you really carry 2 hours with this single plot ? nope . this one 's boring .
spare me another movie about how the big bad catholic church makes life dull and arduous until everybody is rescued by a sexually liberated mary poppins . the film 's agenda is all over it and binoche 's character is just too `` practically perfect in every way . ''
absolutely unwatchable . cliche-ridden . so silly it 's very nearly offensive . it 's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb , beautiful women , buff , monkey-headed ghetto thugs , and jokey tricked-out cars . without a doubt one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . the script is laughable , the acting worse . vin diesel and paul walker are more `` dumb and dumber '' than `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' . awful
this movie is typical hollywood anti-war , anti-military , anti-american trash . the `` show biz '' liberals , aided and abetted by their ideological cousins , the left-wing tv news moguls , have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing , drug-crazed monsters . this movie is typical of that ilk . if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war , buy the dvd of `` we were soldiers . '' -- a much better , and far more honest , film
this has to be the worst thing they could do.. if you really believe in the lord do not but this movie ... it is based on many lies first off noah didnt save lot and his wife from sodom and gomorrah abraham did . and it was at least 350 years after the flood that this happen and after the tower of babel . but they have noah in sodom and gomorrah and then moving on and building the ark after its destruction . they also show a pedlar in a boat coming up to the ark once everything is flooded and they have lot on a ship attacking noah for his ark.. it is a half truth and in my opinion a mockery and i will never buy anything again that has the name hallmark on it . how dare they sell such a lie to peopl
i bought 2 barbie dvd and this is one of them . it 's dark and scary at the beginning and the story line is not that great compare with the other one i have ( mermaidia ) . it does n't attract my daughter like mermaidia and she does n't like it that much . do n't buy this . get the mermaidia one
vci 's budget dvd starts out well enough for the obscure thriller lady ice , with nice letterboxed credits foreshadowing interesting widescreen photography to come . unfortunately , as soon as the credits end , the aspect ratio changes to full screen and the rest of the film is presented in one of the worst pan and scan jobs i 've ever seen on dvd . pass on this one from vci , and hopefully down the line there will be a new widescreen transfer so we can see how the film is supposed to look after the credits .
nothing original here . nothing overly humourous . overall pretty bland in my opinion . the only part i thought was really worth watching was when the casket exploded at the end .
another product of hollywood 's `` karaoke culture '' . in an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind , we have in `` u-571 '' an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of `` das boot '' . but instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war , we get a cheap flag-waving pile of hollywood propaganda . the lighting , camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by db . but the bigoted innacuracies ( german submariners machine gunning helpless sailors ) and absurd scenarios ( an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit ) put this ridiculous movie in its own category . u-571 is just another thin , over-promoted , throw-away movie you 'll forget the day after you see it
michael moore filmed this propaganda , partially financed by the united auto workers , to distract attention from the real reason gm was forced to shutter plants - the japanese auto invasion , made possible by gm 's unhealthy cost structure . the company was burdened with exorbitant uaw wages , something union friendly michael moore does his best to conceal . so roger smith becomesthe reason for the plant closings . years of losses at gm have shown moore 's twisted arguments to be exactly what they were then - phoney uaw sponsored lies to shift attention away from the primary role played by the uaw in the death spiral of the automakers . moore and others pretend gm management had dropped the ball , but gm lost tens of thousands of engineers and salaried staff , let go long before any unionized line workers felt any pain . all of gm 's problems are the result of the lack of profits resulting from the uaw albatross - slow redesign cycles , lack of money for research , you name it . moore will never mention how the uaw has screwed the consumers for the past 70 years and how now that consumers have a choice , they find the better value in asian autos . nobody wants to pay a uaw worker to bolt on a fender while making more than their family doctor . the uaw has fixed labor prices for long enough . enough is enough and moore is shown to be the stooge of the unions with this preposterous piece of slanted fiction he laughingly calls a `` documentary . ''
this dvd skips quite a bit , making it hard to relax for what should be an enjoyable movie . also , the plastic covering on the dvd casewas torn a little bit when the security sticker was taken off . i 've never had a movie do that before . i would think twice in the future before buying movies from amazon.com
this is honestly one of the worst movies i have ever seen . i love the first one but this one is just lame
the so-called humor in this embarrassingly awful and unfunny movie is so uncreative and moronic . it is apparently for a demographic of viewers with an extremely childish sense of humor . a three year old will laugh at anything . every turn of the plot is stupid . this is in the running for the worst movie ever made . i do n't trust the taste of anyone who actually was impressed by this horse manure . i hope that bruce willis would have the class to turn down a role like this if he was offered it now . i think he is a very good actor . it 's a shame what kind of garbage he had to be in , to get his career going
season 1 of veronica mars took me by surprise , and i really enjoyed the ride . the second season , however , does n't live up to the quality of the first . instead of one large mystery , in season two viewers are treated to several smaller mysteries to solve . there 's nothing wrong with that approach , but it seemed that as fast as one mystery skien got solved , another would pop right up without any resolution for the first . many episodes ended with my friends and i turning to one another and asking , `` is that it ? where 's the rest of it ? '' this happened quite a bunch , with the child abuse investigation episode as perhaps the most jarring . are we really supposed to believe someone as determined as veronica would just pick up and call it quits because she gets a weird slap on the wrist ? that 's totally out of character , yet we never see that family , the abused girl , or hear about the incident again . that type of confusion and weird plot points kept popping up . the `` major '' villain of the season comes out of left field to be the murderer , and his motivation for murder ends up being really weak and unbelievable . because of the all the loose ends , go-nowhere plots , and the surprise villain who was probably a surprise to the writers up until deadline , i 'm giving season 2 a 2 star rating . season 2 of veronica mars still has some funny dialogue , and some clever episodes , but it does n't deserve all the 4 and 5 star reviews i 've seen . i 'll continue to watch , however , as veronica mars has a lot of promise . hopefully the producers can get things in gear for season 3
these are not your typical teens . they love broadway musicals and want a life of singing and dancing on stage . so here they are at `` camp ovation '' honing their skills . one of the teachers is a song songwriter . because he is also a `` one hit wonder '' he 's an angry alcoholic . the other characters ( teenagers ) are a `` fag hag '' , a cross dresser , a chubby girl who has her mouth wired shut , a bleached blonde who thinks too highly of herself and her meek sidekick and a rare straight boy at the camp who lacks self-esteem . there is a three good scenes that made this film worth watching but in general mediocre movie . if you like musicals , you will proberly like this but might bore most people .
i saw this crapfest in the theater and i should have known what i was getting into when we were carded not only at the ticket window , but at the entrance of the theater as well . i only gave it one star because there was n't a `` no star '' rating -- even though it deserves a negative rating . as a horror fan , i was intrigued at seeing the movie and as the movie started , it seemed to have alot of promise . but once we met baby and her `` family '' the movie went downhill at an accelerated rate . the movie was disgusting , repulsive , and made no clear sense -- at least with michael or freddie you knew what the h*ll was going on . and i thought that blood sucking freaks and blood sucking vampires from pittsburgh sucked , but corpses not only sucked , it blew . as a friend told me later , `` what in the h*ll did you expect from rob zombie ? '' what did i expect indeed . no wonder most production firms refused to touch this film
would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of `` king solomons mines '' . he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead . all else is dross . and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic `` prisoner of zenda '' . stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution .
wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself , wo n't enjoy . two womanizers fall in love , one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin , like first off , what does virginity have to do with love ? & second , who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin ? & then owen wilson 's character fall in love with rachel 's mcadams character and well , that 's the usual predictable romance plot . the problem with this film is it 's not that funny . it seems to think it 's better then it is . i do n't think i hardly laughed during this film . the part about the `` supposive '' gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course , because it 's this kind of film , he ends up being gay and of course , he tries to hit on vince vaughn 's character in a scene that is beyond creepy . lets just say that `` gay '' guy is prob one of the worst actors i 've seen . & then we get a cameo from will ferrell , alot of people i know find this guy `` so '' funny . but i do n't get it . it just was n't funny to me . u know , i loved the classic , `` american pie '' that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy ! this film was n't so much funny as stupid . & for the most part , i 'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it 's just an average film
there is a pattern in hollywood when it comes to drama/revenge films such as eye for an eye . it is an extremely simple pattern that is regenerated time and time again because audiences like to not be surprised . they are prepared for the bad guy to die at the end , whilst the victim or top-billed actor/actress comes out as the hero at the end . it is meant to give us a sense of security and comfort , but for this critic it is getting old . eye for an eye is a perfect example of film that falls deep within that tired genre of film . from the opening credits of this film , you could count the steps that each actor was going to make all the way to the very end . the pauses could be guessed , the lines could have been written the night before , and the acting was nothing short of mediocrity at its best . it was guaranteed that the actors would be overly dramatic , the violins would always shrill around kiefer , and there would be horrendously underdeveloped plotlines that would lead nowhere . this is your typical revenge film with no excitement , no frills , nothing that would make it stand out from the rest . the late director john schlesinger played it safe with one of his final films , which will promise to bore and completely not satisfy you to the bitter end.where did eye for an eye go wrong ? i do n't think i need to count all the ways for you , but some of the bigger issues that i had with this feature was the complete unknown of the characters . i have major issues with stories that escape realism to allow the main character to seem more dramatic . what was sally field 's job ? i know that is a small detail , but it better highlights my complaint that our central family ( the mccanns ) were not as developed as i would have liked to have seen . i had no clue her daughter had a stutter until two seconds before her death , yet it seemed to be a bigger key element as the film progressed . ed harris literally walked through his character , proving that field 's husband could have been played by a plastic bag and still seen the same level of emotion . the only character worth watching , and was developed briefly , was kiefer . he was 100 % evil in this film and it kept this film geek worth watching until the very end . yet , we did n't even know that much about him either ( which upset me ) . schlesinger obviously knew the story that he was about to tell with eye for an eye very well , the actors i believe even knew the story and they probably did n't even need to read the script , and the story played it safe from the beginning , but it was n't what i wanted to see . i expected film like this to come out during the 80s , not in 1996 . it was pathetic to see name actors like ed harris , sally field , phillip baker hall , keith david , and kiefer sutherland walk through this film like it was a fly in the pan . nothing stood out in this film , nothing made me want to rewatch the brutality of it , and nothing made me feel excited about these actors . this was a literal `` nothing '' film . it lent nothing to the cinematic world except ( and i stress this a bit ) another peg in a very tired genre known as the `` revenge thriller '' .after watching this film i said to my wife that i thought sally field was completely overdramatic throughout the course of it , overplaying the small parts and completely exploding the bigger elements , which made me think of a high school drama production . it was amateur at best , but she said that is why directors use sally , because she is known for being overly dramatic . this is a pure example of a good thing gone badly . sally saw success with it once , but as she continues it only creates bad cinema . there were times during sally 's bigger speeches that i found myself laughing . i could n't help myself , but her focus on certain words and clichï¿½ reaction to others just seemed cardboard instead of lifelike . the same could be said for ed harris who obviously has discovered that he does n't have to play the outlaying father any further in films . he was completely wasted in this film . was there any emotion with him ? i did n't see any . then there was the pitiful contribution by hall and david that begin with intrigue , but were dropped faster than a big ole sack of potatoes . also , did mantegna take a class on how to be a one-dimensional clichï¿½ ? urg , his portrayal of the police office was a disgrace to those that genuinely play one-dimensional police officers . again , the only actor worth watching was kiefer because he not only spoke with evil , but demonstrated that he was capable of anything vile . it was his sole performance that made this film decent to watch to the end . if i have to talk about the story i think i am just going to go mad myself . field over dramatized the entire film , thus creating uncertainty amongst the viewer . did kiefer get a bad image because he was bad or because field wanted to see him as evil ? that could have been a great avenue for this film to travel , but alas , ole safe schlesinger did n't take us down that darker path . i needed more to develop what hall and david were doing at the support groups , but it seemed like that story was dropped rather quickly as the ending needed to be wrapped up gently in a comfort blanket for viewers . this was yet another dark avenue that was not explored . i felt as if i saw these dark avenues with the director and the cast , yet we chose to stay on the lighted path . that , coupled with the poor acting , just created a film that did n't catch my attention and fully contributed nothing to the cinematic world.overall , in case it was n't obvious , this was n't a good movie at all . in fact , i could go through the rest of my life without thinking of this movie again . i thought only horror movies had the stated scream rules and somehow could stick to the same tired pattern over and over again , but with eye for an eye it became obvious that it the `` revenge thrill '' fell into that same pattern . the only trouble is that horror films actually have fun with that repetitive structure , this film did not . sally field was horrible and should really consider a strong independent film to bring her back to the spotlight , while everyone else was forgettable . the only fun part was watching jack bauer play the epitome of evil . watch this film for kiefer , but nothing else . skip it ! grade : * out of ****
this film is a perfect example of how straight action and big-name stars can not replace the necessity of well written drama . i will not give away the plot -- although that is admittedly hard to do since there is so little of it . basically clooney 's character mr . ocean , a career burgler , is released from prison with a plan to rob the vault of a las vegas casino . so he recruits 11 men , each with a talent to add to the operation . this is where the trouble begins . the viewer is given no reason at all why he should sympathize with any of these characters . there is almost no introduction to many of them , and barely even a mention of their names . literally half an hour into the film `` the eleven '' are assembled and they 're already robbing the casino . how 's that for plot development ? and that 's basically it ladies and gentlemen : go to vegas , rob casino , go home , movie over . some of the `` good guys '' are even outright repellant . our would-be heros ' enterprise is bankrolled by some greasy hollywood tycoon . am i supposed to like this fat weasel ? the only reason we are given to sympathize at all with at least mr . ocean , is that the guy he 's robbing , the casion owner , is a really bad guy . supposedly he has people killed 'n stuff . ( this actor played a bad guy in godfather part 3 ) . but we never see any real evil deeds . in fact , he just seems like a handsome , polite , very prosperous businessman . he manages to raise his voice for just one line in the entire film . mr . ocean on the other hand , and his cohorts , are career criminals . but the guy they 're robbing is an even greater criminal , you see . so that makes it ok. and really , if you were being robbed , would n't you want to be robbed by george clooney and brad pitt ? they 're such nice guys . that makes getting robbed fun . just a couple of nice guys stealing from another nice guy . how thrilling.this entire film is a rushed series of action sequences punctuated by a few soap opera moments with julia roberts . there are a few minor things going on in the backgroung , like a boxing match , which are essentially irrelevent . throughout there seems to be vital information missing ( like say , a plot ) . soderbergh simply did a terrible job of making me care what happens to clooney and roberts . this film is also horribly cut . several times what seemed like vital plot details were intoduced , and then completely forgotten about . take the scene where pitt and a buddy are casing out the joint and the casino 's owner makes an appearence . the folder he has just been handed , explains pitt , contains secret security codes . you would think that would be something important right ? you would think they will need to get those codes . well , wrong . in fact you wo n't hear or see a single thing more about them for the rest of the movie . they introduce what seems to be an important detail and then totally abandon it without any development . and that happens all the time in this movie . in fact mr . ocean 's team gets down the secure elevator shaft and into the vault with only minor difficulties . ( and boy , they started repelling down that shaft quick , did n't they ? you did n't even know they were robbing the place yet . wow , these guys are good . or maybe steven soderbergh is as over-rated as his film . ) they make it look easier than breaking into the safe at 7-eleven . this , after mr . ocean briefed his crew at the beginning on the nearly impregnable security measures the vault was supposed to have . one would hope this film would at least end strong . but soderburgh makes the final scene open ended in such a way as to leave the audience confused and disappointed . we are left wondering whether the `` eleven '' actually got away with their caper ... or worse . what a way to completely overturn the mood of a movie that at least had the merit of being light-hearted . the writer of the screenplay even said as much in the audio commentary to the dvd ! ( as did the actors in their commentary . ) probably the best moment on this dvd is hearing the screenwriter tell soderbergh to his face that he screwed up the ending . i am loath to give either 1 or 5 stars , since hardly anything is absolutely good or bad , but this film comes very close to 1 star . this is your standard artistically worthless hollywood product . it is big on budget , big on bling , and low on story . i suppose if you just feel like wasting some time , this is as good a way to do it as any . personally i would rather have a story with more substance
as the other reviewers make clear , this is a disturbing film in that the college girl forced into prostitution ends up by developing feelings for the man who `` ruined '' her . so you may immediately assume that the director has a deeper comment to make beyond this trite observation.problem is , having just watched the movie , i am not convinced there is anything below the surface . prostitution is a fact of life in asian cities , the theme of women overcome by their desires and in thrall to strong men a common one , and i searched in vain for any subversion of or challenge to that fantasy ( as fantasy it is ) .is this any more than a homage to the inutility of futility ? not that i can see
just rented this dvd and was quite surprised . normally , i 'm a big george clooney and matt damon fan . however , in this film , their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script , editing , and direction which made this film quite dull to watch.while the idea behind the movie is good , it could have been more entertaing , dramatic , or suspensful . as another reviewer remarked , i was quite tempted to shut it off after 45 minutes and watch something else . but , i did suffer through to the end , where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging..
avoid at all costs ! i bought this for a little over $ 15 at another store and returned it within a week ... horrible transfer ( if it were alpha video i would n't care , but come on ... this is a major dvd company we 're talking about , sony ! ! ! ! ! ) . aspect ratio isnt the theatrical format , but rather pan and scan cropped sides bulls # it . plus its missing like 20 minutes ! i would n't recommend this for anyone . just the thought of this release makes me angry ( to the point of inarticulate ) . avoid avoid avoid ! and write a letter to your congressman ( ha ! ) ... or perhaps sony/mgm . this release is inexcusable
i can not believe this is billed as a baby video . the images have nothing to do with the music and give absolutely no learning or development value . i personally like the baby miracle series of videos that give a great baby sized bible message while being very interactive with my baby .
me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater . i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull . after about a half hour my friend , who tends to be more `` progressive '' than i , actually suggested we leave . it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing . ever ! perhaps i 'm biased . however i highly recommend that no one get this movie . the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant . i tend to lean to the right , but even i was entertained by v for vendetta , despite it being blatant liberal propaganda . if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil , at least make it interesting
i used to think he was great , till i caught the director 's cut of 'das boot . ' all of a sudden you 're confronted with this ridiculous synthesizer music that was n't in the original , and the spell is broken . let 's not even talk about 'air force one . ' now i 've seen 'the perfect storm ' twice , and i own the book , but i still have n't read it because i 'm reasonably sure the book must suck if the movie is this bad . and i 'm sorry new england , but what are gloucestermen anyways , except for great rapers of the high seas ? what will they not do for a buck , you might ask . ok , they are not as bad as the japanese , but they all stalk the world on floating slaughterhouses like there 's no tomorrow . watching this movie definitely made me take fish off the menu . sure you will find excitement aplenty , amped up to eleven . even experience fleeting moments when you might ponder the plight of seafarers throughout history . i even like some of the principal actors , but in the end all they do is make a pretty bad movie slightly more interesting than it should be . this just does n't stand up to repeat viewings . unless you enjoy feeling like a sucker . do you
i have worked out to denise austin for several years because i think she gives a good workout but i can not stand her way-too-perky personality . i was very disappointed in this dance workout . the setting is fun and colorful and the music is great , but as far as a workout ... this dvd really stinks . i found some of the steps somewhat confusing ( but i am not very coordinated ) . this workout was more of an `` indoor walk '' style workout ( like walk away the pounds w/ leslie sansone , etc . ) . if you are looking for a fun way to get up and move , this may be for you . but , this is not for anyone looking for a cardio intense workout
i had high hopes for this movie , marlon brando , robert deniro , and edward norton , how could i go wrong with this movie with a cast like that ? despite the cast this movie sinks under a terrible script . the film is often tedious and the characters never seemed very realistic to me . this was a poorly contrived and at times silly film . the tension never really builds even though the filmmakers try . embarassing for all involved . i only give it two stars to be nice to the cast
this film is among the worst , most pointless , and most inane garbage that i 've ever had the misfortune to view . contrary to popular belief the alien was not cute he was creepy ! the little boy was extremely annoying , and his relationship with the alien made me ill ! actually it made me more than ill , it was down right disturbing ! his bond with the alien was one of the most freeky thing i have ever had to witness , and the kids family was just obnoixious . by the time the alien go home no one really cares anymore . you are just relieved that the film is finally over . watch it only to say that you 've seen this .
is anyone else having issues with these discs ? when you first place the discs in the player , it skips over the main menus . then the `` menu '' button will only start and stop the episode selected , but it will not return you to the main menu . there is no spanish or portuguese dubbed audio on the discs ( despite what the menus and packaging claim ) and the episodes automatically play with spanish subtitles even when the subtitles are turned `` off . '' the only way to avoid this is to choose `` other '' subtitles with the remote . this appears to be an authoring issue , as i am using a two year-old sony dream system dvd player and have not had these issues with previous seasons . i 'm exchanging my discs immediately , but i have a feeling they might all be bad . anyone else hear about these issues
starring sam from whose the boss and that guy that used to be married to christina applegate . i really hate this movie . it 's so boring and not exciting like drew barrrymores version
i only gave this movie one star because it is against amazon 's rules to give it no stars . after hearing that this was a christian movie , i could not wait to watch it . however , this movie has nothing in common with christianity , quite the contrary , this is the most anti-christian movie that i have ever seen ; it promotes murder and other unsurpassable evil . the movie started out horribly and just continued to get worse . for instance , the beginning of the movie was shockingly pornographic . in a supposedly `` christian '' movie i did not expect to be bombarded with this . after seeing this i did not expect that the movie could possibly get worse . however , i was greatly mistaken . later in the movie the main character , who was remarkably unsympathetic , met several of her christian co-workers who were talking about something they called `` the pearl dream . '' intrigued , the main character asked them what this dream was . of course , they were unable to answer because it is complete nonsense . none the less , the main character continues to review what her co-workers have told her about christianity over the years . as the movie plods along , generally confusing and boring the viewer , she comes to the decision to give up her sinful lifestyle and turn to god . when this event transpired i assumed , wrongly , that from this point forward the film would redeem its beginning and maybe even say something good about christianity . this , however , is where the movie went form being merely bad to astoundingly sacrilegious . then , the main character and her young daughter set out for the desert . due to a vague dream , they believed that this was god 's will and that he would appear in the desert and take them to heaven , in other words `` rapture '' them . how they came to this assumption i was never quite sure . the movie often made ludicrous statements which never made the slightest amount of sense . i became extremely weary trying to deduce what was happening . nothing that took place in this movie was remotely biblical nor was it well explained . as time passed our characters continued to sit in the desert , boring the viewer to tears . they begin to suspect that god was not coming to gather them to heaven and they started to despair . this is where the movie became intolerably anti-christian ; the mother took her daughter up to a mountain and asked her to kneel . she then forced her daughter to pray . after the prayer was concluded she took a gun from her dress and shot her crying daughter , supposedly to send her to heaven . she `` believes '' that she is doing god 's will . obviously , she was such an idiot that she failed to read that the bible that strictly forbids murder . afterwards , she is sent to prison , where we hope to see her suffer for her cruel , viscous , and insurmountably stupid act . as she is sitting in her cell , blaming god for the murder of her daughter , that she willingly committed ( if she had half a brain cell she would have realized that she was doing satan 's will , not god 's ) , she hears trumpets and the cell walls start to fall in . a few scenes pass , in which the ghost of her daughter returns and tries to redeem her faith . she , however , refuses . then , she is taken to a dark room , that the viewer is supposed to believe is some supernatural place where judgment takes place , and asks if she loves god . she replies no , because she blames him for her insanity . the film concludes with her standing stupidly in a dark room , that failed to represent eternity . most of the aspects included in the film were never explained . such as the significance of `` the pearl dream . '' nor was it explained why they believed that they needed to wait in the desert . how did they contrive this ridiculous idea from a vague , ambiguous , and utterly vapid dream anyway ? none of these questions were ever answered . this caused the film to feel incomplete . the stories between scenes shifted so drastically that i suspected i had missed several important scenes . after checking my dvd i realized that i had not accidentally skipped crucial scenes , because their were none . this film was deliberately ambiguous and vapid . also , the special effects , cinematography , and acting were about as good as a preschool play . none of the actors put any emotion into their roles . they recited their lines like drugged zombies ; i suppose even they realized it was complete rubbish and decided not to put much effort into it . to state the obvious , this film is a disgrace ! obviously , it is not biblically based . it does not represent christian philosophy which is to love others , not to wander around aimlessly in the desert acting like a fool . nor do christians promote murder , as this film implied . this movie has as much religious value as night of the blind nazi zombies . i am ashamed to see that such a complete travesty is labeled a christian film . this film is extremely anti-christian ; its main objective is to give the world the false impression that fundamentalist christians are brainwashed and are incapable of sane thoughts . this is not true , and yes , i can prove it . all the proof that you need is contained in the bible . if you stop hardening your heart and truly listen with an open mind then you can not help but to see jesus loving message for the world . he does not desire to bring misery to the world , but happiness and love . the reason that there is misery in the world is because people , like those who made this film , disobey god . if we followed his loving rules then we would not suffer . i do not write this rather long review out of hatred , as i am sure many will accuse me of . i write this to warn people what this movie is really about . it is not a true christian movie like the left behind 's and the passion of the christ . and , yes i am aware that i will be bombarded by a slough of negative votes . however , i do not even faintly care . my beliefs , as a fundamentalist christian and my love of god is more important to me than a number on a page.also , i was shocked to read the other reviews on this forum , especially the one from the wiccan woman who said that she wished to see christians thrown to the lions as they were in the time of the romans . i have seen a lot of hatred in my life but her review was by far the worst i have ever see . christians love the world and those in it , we do not tell non-christians about christ to imply that we are `` holier than thou '' because we are not . all are equal under god 's eyes . we are all sinners and the only way to attain redemption is to accept god 's undeserved grace . we tell other people about god 's undeserved love because we want to save them and see them living in eternal joy in heaven . we do not rejoice to see people unsaved , we tell them about their condition because we want to see them saved . in other words , we tell people because we love them . also , for those of you who accuse christians of having a hatred of the world , why do you spew hatred in everything you say toward christians ? are n't you displaying the hatred that you claim you abhor ? in conclusion , this is the worst movie ever made . it is anti-christian , immensely sacrilegious , poorly acted , poorly written , vapid , mind numbingly dull , disjointed , tortuously long , etc . in short , this film is an abomination . it is massively offensive to christians and is a massive misrepresentation of christian values . also , the acting is abysmal and the story line hopelessly confusing . if you wish to watch a film that accurately portrays christian values then i recommend watch `` the passion of the christ '' or the left behind movies . i hope that this review will help you ; it was written with love and concern . i shall keep you in my prayers . have a wonderful new year.in christ , ravenovaalso recommended : the left behind and the ravenloft book series
p.s . has potential . both grace and linney are great in it , but midway through the movie loses its mystic and gets boring . it 's a shame because it could 've been a great movie . great acting with a bland plot
no a very good video . poor quality . hard to follow . very much a cheat copy of the movie gettysburg .
i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of `` meet john doe '' . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [ ...
i really did n't enjoy the movie , but i had to finish it . the hypocrisy of faith and her sidekicks mirrored so many of the so-called fundamentalist that i know , but the ignorance and hopelessness of the others were terrifying . this movie presented a very perverted view of christianity . though there was alot of talking about jesus and saying his name , it was clear that no one in the entire movie actually knew him and spent time with him . when mary gets a revelation from something she believes is christ that opposed the actual word of god , she finds someone who is crazier than the average nut to confirm her decision . christ does not tell anyone to do things that goes against his word . no one actually reads a bible in the movie . consequently , most made many life-damaging decisions . i hated the `` reality '' of the movie , but it has challenged me to actually spend time with christ and learn about him . i shudder to think that i could live long enough to present such a twisted veiw of what christianity truly is .
i 'm sure such a movie would be approached with much hostility if some other group or religion would be the laughing target . to imply that christians are typically mean and narrow-minded is pure racism ; this is just as evil as implying that all jews are rich or that all african-americans have rhythem . what has jesus himself done to warrant such christian-bashing out of hollywood ? the man has suffered enough on the cross ; leave him alone
this movie had many of the ingredients to make it truly great , including a phenomenal cast , lead by cate blanchett , and great scenery and cinematography . the actors playing elizabeth , cecil , and walsingham spoke and acted admirably , each phrase spoken with such honesty and feeling , but the words themselves rendered the performances useless . the director and the author of the script greatly misunderstood the characters and the material . they should have read elizabeth the first 's biography by elizabeth jenkins . it is useless to say a movie does not need to be historically accurate but has only to entertain : had the author and director been more historically accurate , they would not have created the unbelievable character they created in elizabeth , who is in turn hysterical , defeatist , overbearing , childish , tyrannical , who never shows her core intelligence , her great love of her people , who had a private core described by her motto `` semper eadem '' , be always one . elizabeth ruled with her advisors , she was not totally ruled by them . she would not have put up with norfolk screaming at her across the council table , nor would burleigh have allowed it . cate blanchett 's wonderful acting and presence were pearls thrown before swine , wasted on a character portrayal that totally lacked any integrity , much less truth . how could the director think that the woman he was trying to portray was any kind of real woman ? the ending had me blushing with embarassment for one and all . we are laughably given william cecil as wimpy and ineffective , and walsingham as the mastermind behind the throne . one of the reviews said that the director inspired rush to play walsingham much like the hindu god krishna . i suggest that he should have first read some english history
all `` style '' and no substance . even the dance number with john travolta & uma thurman was lackluster . and would cedric the `` entertainer '' please go away ? i 've never seen anything with him in it that was any good . i should have known just by his presence in the movie it was going to be a dud . i think christina milian 's voice is good but not so great to make such a fuss over .
saw `` hart 's war '' the other night and could n't really believe anyone would invest money and time in a film as awful as this one . this film bombed at the box office and was yanked from circulation after only a few days . here are ten reasons why:1 . this film is n't `` the great escape '' and even though he would probably like to think otherwise , bruce willis is n't steve mcqueen . even though willis received top billing , this is a colin farrell vehicle . 2 . the vast majority of the target audience of 18-34 year old moviegoing males could care less about what happened during the reagan administration , much less world war ii . `` hart 's war '' may just as well be a film about a pow camp during the war of 1812 . anything with vin diesel or the rock would be bound to sell more tickets.3 . as far as depicting life in a pow camp , `` hart 's war '' is pretty much on par with `` hogan 's heroes '' . the germans are nice guys with guns who do n't know very much and everyone gets away with just about anything . where did the gi 's get all those cigarettes , anyway ? 4 . any stalag luft comandant worth his weight in sauerkraut would have just as soon killed the bruce willis character as look at him . as depicted in `` hart 's war '' , the camp commandant ( as portrayed by marcel lures ) would have had a very difficult time maintaining any sort of status as an officer in the german army . his collection of american jazz/blues records is a cute writer 's invention that has nothing to do with the reality of the situation , or of the type of men who were in charge of german pow camps . in reality , the marcel lures character would probably have been relegated to another type of nazi camp with a pink triangle sewn on the front of his tunic.5 . the storyline is not completely unbelievable - trials did take place in pow camps , one good example being the pow 's who were tried and hung in andersonville ; however , the whole idea that the camp 's commandant would actively participate in such a trial as sort of a jerry springer type advocate is ludicrous.6 . the idea that during the trial , a group of pow 's who escape go on a secret mission to destroy a nearby munitions factory is insulting . not only did nothing like this ever happen during world war ii , it degrades the bravery of those poor souls whose only act of heroism was to survive internment under harsh and sometimes brutal conditions . the german army simply was n't that stupid.7 . i saw this film once and did n't like it . i thought that maybe the second time would be better . it wasn't.8 . beyond being sheer hollywood political correctness , `` hart 's war '' seriously misrepresents many of the more important aspects of internment . it ignores the real focus of life in such a stalag which , for most pow 's , was just day to day survival . also , the soldiers who served in our armed forces during world war ii and also happened to be african americans were n't spineless , hapless dopes.9 . bruce willis playing the same role in variations of `` die hard '' over and over and over again is tiring.10 . better films about the same sort of subject matter are `` the tuskeegee airmen '' and `` stalag 17 '' . hopefully in a few years , `` hart 's war '' will be completely forgotten , and these dvd 's will be rotting in some landfill .
i had several friends insist that i rent this film . i 'm glad i did instead of buying it . i was not bowled over as they obviously were - quoting lines from it and all but wetting themselves remembering scenes from the film.now , i 'm not a hard guy to make laugh , but there was only one point in this film where i actually laughed out loud . other than that , i found sordid lives to be just tediously amateurish and more than a bit forced.i love southern humor and even poking fun at southerners : i ca n't tell you how much i love greater tuna , fried green tomatos , steel magnolias , etc . but this just did n't cut it for me.the cast is a who 's who of excellent character actors : beau bridges , bonnie bedelia , leslie jordan , olivia newton-john ( for pete 's sake ! ) , erik krieger , delta burke and gobs of others . no , it 's not a shortage of talent that this film lacks . i found that it was a lack of a cohesive direction that made me wince more than once.there 's a scene with ty ( an out of the closet to everyone but his parents young man who lives in west hollywood ) talking to his ex-girlfriend in the reception area of their therapist ... well , as a theatre director , i can only tell you that the performances during this one scene are so painfully badly acted and the pregnant pauses between the lines are so large you could drive fleets of trucks through them.there are various filming techniques that del shores ( the director ) uses that are just hackneyed : filming from behind a person 's back so that only the back of one person 's head and the facing person are seen . why ? it feels like a testimonial `` video '' from mtv 's real world rather than an actual film.frankly - and this is not always a bad thing - the whole film felt like it was a play converted to film . it can be a great thing ! look at altmans ' come back to the five and dime jimmy dean and you 'll see how a good stage to film movie is done . but this ... well , it 's just amateur hour from my perspective.in all , the film felt like a poor man 's greater tuna ( two quick change artists playing 16 characters living in texas ' 3rd smallest town ) , which was a stage play and was filmed for hbo as a stage play rather than attempting to make it feel like a film.i wanted to like this film , but i just did n't
bulworth is ostensibly warren beatty 's brave political satire in which a conservative senator suddenly starts liberally voicing those opinions that the rest of us are supposed to be thinking but are afraid to say . he tells a black church congregation to , `` put away the malt liquor and fried chicken and stop supporting running backs that stab their wives . '' if that 's what you were thinking , you 'll love this movie.otherwise , bulworth is jaw droppingly bad . to take such a hight position as to attack beatty for suggesting that black characters need a white powerbroking partriarch to come to his senses before their concerns can be publicly considered is to give bulworth way more credit than it deserves . it 's distinguished from movies that are simply `` bad '' through its inclusion on the short list of truly dangerous ones . not content to be racism hiding in plain site , bulworth 's racism is disguised as its own solution . drug dealers have their transactions justified as the only commercial avenue open to otherwise well-intended african-american youths . nina ( halle berry ) articulates an informed point , and it 's a joke because attractive young black women look funny when they talk smart , like high-grammar versions of zip coon . in so doing , beatty reminds black americans that no matter what they accomplish , we know who they really are.however limited the potential of the opening premise ( bulworth plans his own assassination for insurance purposes before inevitably changing his mind ) , the film never approaches the kind of farley brotheresque world that would have been its natural destination . the sincerity of the politician 's catharsis is hidden from us , both because his new outlook is originally motivated only by the insurance scam and because once beatty starts rapping his lines , he never stops , making the actor ( as opposed to the character ) look uncomfortable for the duration . that this movie lured audiences and critics into its didactic spell is astonishing.the film 's ambition to be more than a cute little movie while being exactly the opposite reminds this reviewer of roberto benigni 's embarrassing `` life is beautiful '' from the year before . both have to be seen to be believed
i 'm going to have to disagree with the majority of the reviews on this movie . i have seen plenty of russian films , and many of them have been slow and entirely reliant upon the emotional component . mikhalkov , for example , is a director who can do this . this movie suffers from pretentious screenwriting , and a lack of underlying meaning or moral lesson . although the acting is n't necessarily bad , you do n't get attached to the characters . i got the feeling that the cinematography and the colors did n't match the movie 's theme and plot . at times it got so boring that i wanted to stop watching , even though i never do that . anyway , i do not recommend this movie . if you want to watch some good russian movies , go with `` brother '' , `` burnt by the sun '' , `` prisoner of the mountains '' , `` war '' , or `` unfinished piece for the mechanical piano
with so much talent on show here you would expect a lot better movie , but this is another case of the scriptwriters letting the movie down . matthew mcconaughey delivers another good performance , yet does n't stray too far from what he knows best . there is bradley cooper as his best friend who you will remember as rachel mcadams fiance in wedding crashers . patton oswalt appears in a blink and you 'll miss him scene , but the heros of the day are kathy bates and zooey deschanel who 's roles are a lot more important than the characters they play . bates is great as mcconaughey 's mother while zooey is at her sarcastic best as parker 's flatmate . parker should stick to television , she is dreadful and totally unconvincing in her role , maybe if they had cast someone else in her place there may have been a chance for this movie . a good date movie flick , the story is predictable but i would have been willing to look past that had i been entertained.special features are nothing too special . a trailer and a few dodgy featurette 's . a rainy night rental movie
maybe because i did n't like porco . everything was sub-par for me . animation is definitely not as good as his later movies . not enough weirdness , tried too much for the plot . everything was just too ho-hum . as if he tried to carry the whole movie on porco 's shoulders . but once you got past the fact that everyone else was human and porco was a pig there was n't anything else there .
i really did give this a chance but i ca n't say i like the show . it focuses more on the `` police '' aspect and less on the science , which differentiates the csi series from most of the other garbage out there . i know david caruso has his fans but i just ca n't appreciate him in this vehicle ...
i 'm making an exception to my usual practice of not reviewing anything on amazon , due to the utter vileness of this movie . i saw it when it came out in theaters and hated it , and then a friend purchased the dvd and convinced me to give it a second chance ... all in all , this movie ended up taking about four hours of my life that i will never get back.the performances are thin and uneven , the plot is inconsistent , and the dialogue sounds like it was pulled from fortune cookies made by the cast of friends . to be fair , this movie does face several major obstacles . it has the misfortune to depend on the `` acting '' of glorified ken doll freddie prinze , jr. and the vastly overrated julia stiles , and in addition to trying to rise above these challenges , it also attempts to survive the intrusion of ashton kutcher . it fails on all counts . i do not hate the whole romantic comedy genre ; nor do i hate the `` teen '' movie sub-genre , under which some would place `` down to you . '' ( in fact , `` ca n't hardly wait '' is one of my favorite movies . ) i simply hate bad movies , and this movie is a true abomination . if you enjoy the experience of wanting to drill into your own skull , then by all means , buy this dvd . if , however , you value your sanity , then please do not make the same mistake i did ; stay far , far away from this movie
`` st. elmo 's fire '' is one of those movies that could have been better , should have been better and yet , it just wasn't.it featured an ensemble cast of the young and hot stars of the 1980s , the so-called brat pack ( well , everyone but molly ringwald and anthony michael hall , who were spared this misstep ) . maybe this was supposed to be `` the breakfast club - - after college '' , but while `` the breakfast club '' had characters , even stereotypical characters , that you could relate to , there is absolutely no one , with the exception of emilio estevez ' character , that you care enough about to relate to in this film.the setting is not the john hughes teen friendly illinois , but georgetown , where our bunch of brat packers have supposedly graduated from college . uh-huh . yeah , right . judd nelson and ally sheedy are living together and supposedly looking toward marriage - - problem is , nelson is looking at and screwing everything else female that walks by and somehow hoping that sheedy , in her prim and proper sweater and skirt sets and pearls can change that . andrew mccarthy is their mutual friend who knows what nelson is up to and secretly harboring a festering desire for sheedy ( or maybe it 's just the pearls ? ) emilio estevez is a future attorney , working as a waiter/server and suffering a serious crush on andie macdowell . mare winningham is a dowdy , trust-fund type girl who is still holding on to her virginity , working in social services and fighting over marrying the proper dork that her parents have selected for her . she instead fantasizes about rob lowe , who is the pretty boy sax player in a local band , who has dropped out of school , married a white trash-y looking groupie , had a child with her and has now separated from her , and taking up with other groupies . demi moore is the wild chick who works in international banking , has a serious coke problem , stepmother issues and a problem with painting her apartment walls hot pink and with giant murals of billy idol . sounds promising , huh ? well , in what is an early portend of the `` melrose place '' to come , sheedy finds out what a dog nelson is , dumps his ass , immediately jumps into bed with mccarthy , who is too desperately in love with her to realize that this is a rebound job ; estevez , after screwing up a lucrative house-sitting job by hosting a party there , travels to the snowy mountains to track down macdowell and profess his love to her . he finds that she is holed up there with her boyfriend and despite being crushed , he lays a huge kiss on her and then heads back home . lowe , in between faux-playing his sax and shaking his feathered head everywhere , takes winningham 's virginity and heads back to his estranged missus . moore , after whining seemingly incessantly about her ill stepmother , has all her furnishings repossessed , loses her job and freaks out.not exactly `` the breakfast club '' . the real problems seem to lie in the characters themselves . with the exception of estevez ' character , they all seem like caricatures and horribly stereotyped . their every action , every line of dialogue seems like just that - - they seem very one dimensional . their so-called angst seems like a handy plotline device and nothing more than that.winningham 's character could have been salvagable - -except that she followed lowe around like a sick puppy , knowing full well how he mistreated his wife and what a basic slacker he was . and yet , she still gave her virginity to him . maybe if winningham was n't so bright , or she was a college freshman , it would be understandable . but she was a college graduate and seemingly intelligent.lowe really had little to do with his role . maybe if he had played the role nelson had - - as the roving lothario , with sheedy waiting at home , it might have gone over better . with his too-pretty looks , it would almost be understandable how the character could get random women he just met to sneak into dressing rooms with him . nelson just does n't seem comfortable and does n't pull it off - -but maybe nelson might have been better suited for the sax player.moore basically plays herself - -an interesting sidenote is that she was originally fired from this production for her drug problems , mirroring her character - - but was later rehired.while the title song later become a minor hit , `` st. elmo 's fire '' itself missed the mark .
this film has some good actors in it but the plot is pretty shaky and hard to follow at times . it is not comparable to other great westerns made during the sixties . eli wallach is good but confusing -- who and what is he after ? the color is good and it sounds like a sergo leone picure but it is n't . what a shame ! ! ! it could have been made better -- less comedy and more plot and of course -- action and suspense ! ! ! ! buy or rent on your own if you dare -- -- i would n't
zakk pushed his voice beyond its limits on mafia , and on this tour . its really hard to take , and i 'm glad he returned to his regular smokey voice on shot to hell.bls are a great group , but zakk 's persistent use of this higher strained vocal technique scuttles blessed hellride songs that were sung in regular pitch on the cds . stoned and drunk and funeral bell are critically altered to the point where i had to skip them.i 'm actually starting to suspect that zakk was using a vocal harmonizer tuned up an octave to achieve this effect , because i ca n't imagine how his vocal chords could withstand a tour sung this way.a few tunes sung this way i can handle , buts its total overkill on this dvd.the behind the scenes extras are enjoyable because zakk is a funny guy
the acting is so bad in this horror film , prettey corney mov
those of you who remember ryan starr from american idol know why she quickly became `` has been '' material for vh1 's the surreal life . ryan starr also happens to be the worst actress i have ever watched on film , television and or commercials . the director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time . her dialogue is kept short and simple , and when she does have more than 3 lines at once , the complete lack of feeling , expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile , like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails . that is all i can say , i would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again
i rented this movie for about six dollars and i have to say even that was a waste of money . i thought this movie was incredibly over acted , boring and hard on the eyes . the thing that annoyed me the most was the monologues that each of the main characters did . they were exaggerated and reminded me of the kind of acting you would find in a infomercial . for the superficial people out there i would n't watch this movie hoping for eye candy because you wo n't get it . when i found out that the two women starring actually wrote and directed the film it finally made sense why the acting was so horrible . i have no idea why this movie has any stars at all it was horrible and that would be considered a compliment
what a disappointment ! i absolutely loved the black pearl but was admittedly nervous about a sequel . as it turned out , i had every reason to be . it whole purpose of this movie seemed to be to return those characters from the original , major or minor , who seemed interesting . that they did but , unfortunately , the producers forget to give them a credible plot and interesting things to say.depp seemed to play his role even campier than before while keira must have , somehow , pissed off the writers so that they refused to give her any real meaty part of this movie . legolas , i mean , orlando bloom also seemed to be sort of drifting along , sometimes good but more often , haphazardly . to my mind , the only real interesting addition was that of davey jones . except for times when it was hard to understand what he was saying ( due to the tentacles 'n all ) , at least his was a unique addition to the movie . i do sort of object , however , to associating him with the flying dutchman legend . the two have nothing to do with each other , fantasy or not . and do n't get me started on the cannibals ! any way , i think this movie merits the two y'ars i gave it . while considerably beneath that first movie , it is somewhat watchable and even enjoyable at times , but it is most definitely not as good.and , as a final thought , the very last scene of the movie ? lose it entirely . it simply was unnecessary .
i was hoping that `` socermania '' would be on the `` extreme sports fun '' dvd but no ! instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the `` disney treasures '' this also goes for the other two dvd 's extreme music and adventure fun , allthough 'pluto 's blue note ' , 'donald 's dilemma ' 'no sail ' 'old sequoia ' and 'trailer horn ' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures `` disney rarities '' and `` the chronological donald volume 2 '' ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration ) who needs these dvds , so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd 's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration
... for giving every dance studio and popular dance genre the hope that they too can be the `` next riverdance '' . the dancers are all talented , if self-consciously hip , and in great shape . but the numbers that focus more on t & a than fancy footowrk really did this show in for me . i love it when risks are taken with conventional dance forms , but ballroom dance is ott enough ( if you 've ever watched a competition ) and does n't need to be tarted up beyond recognition , the way it is here . add the disjointed lighting and editing effects and what you have is a hot mess
this was one of the worst group performances i have ever seen ! unbelievable that disney has financed this `` hack act '' . and the tread has only started with other weak talented groups coming out of disney . save your money for a better movie
pushing the envelope for explicit , over the counter home videos , 9 songs ( tartan ) is about one year of sex and rock'n roll in the life of two lovers . matt is a young glaciologist . he meets lisa at a london rock concert . that night they start an affair . in between attending more concerts , they make passionate love . it 's for real and explicit . nine live-concert song footage is intercut with their coke-snorting , sexual encounters creating a sometimes ironic reflection of their intense physical but otherwise rather bland relationship . and finally , all this takes place in the memory of matt as he flies across the vast frozen wastelands of the south pole . this unscripted film is part musical , part drama , part documentary and part performance . it raises questions about the difference between pornography and art . controversial and much buzzed about , this not fully satisfying experiment is of interest mainly as a novelty item by a usually innovative and creative director for what it could have been . and of course the sex . a special feature eliminates everything but the concert performances .
robin trower has really lost a lot of his playing ability , same sound but no blazing licks and just a lot of trickery . two stars for the music and his new vocalist is quite good
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of `` mississippi burning '' or the anger and impunity of `` ghosts of mississippi '' , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade `` miss congeniality '' type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l. jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not `` a powerful film . '' it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like `` mississippis burning , '' that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.a goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.this writer did moonstruck , but this is moonstink.seeing rod steiger with this material is a tragedy.the case is a joke , the characters are impossibly lame , and the dialogue would gag a collie.this film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.no amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the bankok privey.i just watched this film and at the conclusion i just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.saradon , keitel , kline , steiger , and rickman ... .will try and forget this dog their entire lives . i can not imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.have i gotten the point accross that the film is weak ... .i hope so.if i could give it zero stars or even better , minus eleven stars , i would
if you are looking for a dvd that is filled with white stripes music and interviews , look elsewhere . the item description says it has over 40 minutes of in-depth interviews , but it fails to mention that only about 10 minutes ( if that ) of this is actually with the band ( and the 10 minutes are scattered throughout the 65 minute dvd ) . it has interviews with members of various bands that have played with the white stripes in the past and others who knew them when they were just beginning . it is mildly interesting to hear about how the band got their start and other such details , but it is not something i will watch again . ( if jack & meg were telling their own story , that would be worth it )
ga. how can anyone stand this drivel ? worst movie i ever watched repeatedly . worse than watching `` walk tall '' 8 times in a row . worse even than watching the home shopping network . eww . eww
if i 'm not mistaken , the only difference between the standard 50th anniversary edition and the `` ultimate collector 's edition '' is1 ) collectible robby the robot replica2 ) forbidden planet and the invisible boy reproduction lobby cards portfolio3 ) forbidden planet original theatrical poster mail-in offer4 ) metal alloy collector 's case in that case , the `` ultimate collector 's edition '' , at more than twice the price of the standard edition , is a rip-off ! the `` robby the robot replica '' is much smaller and much less detailed than the one depicted in the adthe mail in offer for the `` free '' poster requires a $ 3.50 shipping and handling fee.the `` metal alloy collectors case '' is made of very thin metal and arrived dented . not that it would take much to dent it.save $ 21.00 and buy the standard version
this movie is so bad . it is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real problems . the only people who like this movie are the ones who wished they were the main character , a pea brained airheaded ditz who has no redeeming qualities . the movie tries hard to invent new `` teen speak '' with tons of lame catch phrases that unfortunately caught on with some unpopular kids who liked the movie so much , they tried to sound like the shallow empty headed spoiled main characters even though most of the movie 's fans live the life nowhere close to cher 's and look nothing like her but they want to pretend . the movie hits you with these lame catch phrases every 15 seconds , desprate to beat you over the head with them . in the movie , the main character , cher thinks she is too good for the boys in her high school but then she ends up with someone who is pratically a relative to her . nasty ! she is really arrogant for someone whose realtionship should be jerry springer . she 's supposed to be a posh valley girl but at the end , she 's like ella may clampet going after jethro when all her resources for finding a man runs out .
this movie is basically about 12 yr. old boys crying with each other . when does that ever happen ? the dialogue is completely unbelievable considering the age of these kids . what 12 yr. old worries about `` ..never getting out of this small town . `` ? i guess if your childhood consisted of sitting around and crying with your friends , then you might enjoy this movie in some lame nostalgic sense . i have a feeling oprah would like this movie .
the first x-men movie was fantastic . the second movie sent chills down my spine and was even better . this third movie was absolute trash and i will never buy it
this is one of those movies that you have to ask , '' why remake a movie that did it right the first time ! ! ! buy the 1968 version and forget this one ! skip it !
the little rascals collection is a set of 5 dvds with a few shorts on each dvd , the fifth disk with an extra from the 50s and a documentary about child stars . this set was poorly put together , the shorts included are quite random , and buying this set would be a waste of money.each disk opens with a montage of some of the characters . first there is alfalfa , then buckwheat , spanky , darla , porky , mickey , stymie , then fatty- oh wait , no that is joe cobb only they did n't know his real name , then farina , and last phil macmahon- who you may be asking ? phil macmahon , the kid who got bitten by the love bug in a song number in our gang follies of 1938 . still do n't know him ? maybe that is because he was n't a regular cast member and should never have been featured like he was in this collection.disk one features the shorts dogs of war and derby day . dogs of war is a silent film featuring the gang running loose on the hal roach lot ; it is one of my favorite shorts from the series . however , it seems that they ripped off the cabin fever print and added a worse score . derby day also seems to be lifted from the cabin fever series . it is a silent film about the gang visiting the horse races . the films themselves are very good.disk two features a rarer silent film called stage fright . it is a film about a show put on about marc anthony by the kids in front of their parents . it is a total disaster . just like in reunion in rhythm , one kid wants to go out on stage and recite poetry . the film has been seriously cut ; there are no opening credits and the short is much shorter than the usual film length . the print is washed out and new title cards have been inserted . the music is much more childish than normal silent rascals scores , but it works . there are sound effects too . sundown limited is a great short about the gang building their own train . it is a very cute film ; farina is especially funny in it . the train that the kids build would have been the envy of all the children in the neighborhood . the print is washed out and the music sounds just like grapevine video 's soundtracks . the film titled the pirates in this set is really called the buccaneers . it is also a cute film about the kids trying to build their own ship . when it sinks , they find a real one to destroy . this short has also been cut ; there is no opener for it either . it is a bad print and has kiddie music attached to it.disk three opens with mary queen of tots . it is a really enjoyable film where mary receives toys that look like the gang . she dreams they come to life , and when she wakes up , she finds the gang and believes they are her dolls come to life . this print is really bad especially considering there is a better print available on another cheaply made dvd set . it is funny that the music is the same on this set as on that one though . the fourth alarm is a film about the kids becoming junior fire fighters . the print on this one is not bad at all . the last film is school 's out , a talkie featuring a different cast . it is a film featuring miss crabtree , the new teacher . the picture is good ; it seems to be the one from cabin fever.disk four begins with bear shooters . this is a less than great film . the print is great ; it is the one from cabin fever . our gang follies of 1938 is a great film , very funny , long , and exciting . it features the later talkie cast . waldo 's last stand is a film from the later mgm years , a lesser film that seems forced . it was also released in a 5 part rascals set.disk five is the extra features dvd . it starts out with a segment from the you asked for it television show . on it , some of the silent gang are reunited . joe cobb , jackie condon , farina hoskins , johnny downs , and mickey daniels are featured . the documentary called kid stuff really does n't have a whole lot of information about the gang although jackie cooper is mentioned and butch bond does an interview . other child stars like jackie coogan , judy garland , shirley temple , roddy mcdowall , and ron howard are focused on as well.the films in this collection are films that have lapsed into the public domain . many of them have been available cheaply for years . the only reason a fan might want to see this collection , the same reason i bothered , was to see the rarer silent films . however , the rest of the set is trash
i did n't even want to see this movie , but my brother read the book and wanted to see it . ( we were unaware of the fact that this was n't meant to follow the book ... ) everything was poorly done in this movie . even hans zimmer 's score did n't save it . i 've mentioned that i 'd like it if one could rate an item with negative stars , and if i could , i 'd give it negative ten
how could mr. cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody ? the production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos , but the script and dialogue are so banal , the fine cast delivering one empty performance after another . ( including leo , who was so good in `` what 's eating gilbert grape ? '' in 1993 when i did n't yet know who he was , i thought he was really a cute little retarded kid ... yet in `` titanic '' , there 's just nothing there -- - or nothing permitted ) . talk about a ship wreck ! ! only the two studio-backed block voting resulted in the record-tying oscar wins/nominations .
i love jeff goldblum , but he did n't carry this film . the film was ruined for me the second julane moore ( yuck ! ) and the ridiculous , lame token black daughter of goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film . it 's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter . what a concept . it just added to the disbelief of the characters ( stay goldblum ) , the storyline , and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel . jurassic park iii was n't much better
the `` fake-news '' tv movie had already be done , and done better , ten years ealier as `` special bulletin '' . where the first movie took its subject , nuclear disarmament and terrorism , seriously , this cheese-fest does n't respect the viewers ' intelligence at all . they pull every heartstring and throw every cheap trick they can think of at the camera . not of it ties together in any coherent way and the `` make love not war '' ending reeks of junior-high-school sophistry
warning ! this video has no captioning . i 've rented it and it does not have captioning . it is useless to me and fellow deaf and hard of hearing folk
ahhhh , what a great movie . i cry at the end every time . i remember when i was young and prayed for the safe return of the astronauts of apollo 13 . however , i am severely dissappointed with the widescreen dvd . those who created it did not use the original film , but chopped top and bottom from the fullscreen vhs version . there are many instances when this is evident , but the most glaring is the scene in the back yard of the lovell house after the walk on the moon when jim says , `` i want to go back there '' . when the scene opens , he is cut off at mid-thigh and you never see below his knees . on the fullscreen vhs you can see his shoes . when i buy the widescreen , i want the whole movie , not less than the fullscreen vhs tape . bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . buy the vhs
before i review , i 'd like to clear something up : i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie . i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim , ghost in the shell : standalone complex . i absolutely love that show , and so i figured eventually i 'd have to get around to seeing the movie , which i knew full well shares no connection with the show . they 're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name , ( which i have not read , so i do n't know which is more accurate ) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way.there are many things i do n't like about this movie , the biggest being poor pacing . the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler , but that 's the biggest problem . there 's not really enough story to last a full-length feature , because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short . and since they did n't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes ( there are barely any , and they are n't very impressive for the most part ) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you wo n't understand more than 60 % of , and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we 're looking at either nothing , or a woman 's nipples . that 's not cinematic artistry , that 's being either lazy or perverted.the animation itself is n't even that good , especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago . it 's choppy , and there 's not really a whole lot of detail ( except when it comes to women 's nipples ) . looking at just the animation , if i did n't know better , i 'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's.the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell . it 's probably kind of like how i did n't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i 'd been spoiled by batman the animated series , and could n't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman . everything about the tv series is superior to this movie : the animation , the stories , the character developement , the production values ... i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is.in short , if you 're you 're at all interested in the gits franchise , do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead . you 'll find a lot to love , but i ca n't say the same about the movie . my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
an exact copy of ang lee 's wonderful `` eat drink man woman '' . frankly what annoyed me here was i watched this one first.. i just finished watching eat drink.. it took me about 15 minutes to realize i was watching an exact copy of something i 'd already seen a couple years ago . anyway , i was annoyed because while i could predict events in eat drink because i 'd seen tortilla soup , eat drink was clearly the better movie -- so unfortunately it spoiled some of the pleasure of eat drink for me . if you have n't seen either , see the better of the two ( exact same stories ) : eat drink man woman
if you love well written stories , great plots and captivating acting then this movie is not for you.i do n't know how the producer managed to swindle precious investor dollars to get this tripe made into a movie , however there it is ! it was so boring and so badly done that after the first 1 hour and 45 minutes i had to turn it off . i do n't even want to know how it ended.the cast line up was great ! that 's the only 'positive ' comment i can make with regards to this movie.do not watch it . do not hire it . do not believe anybody who thinks it is good.the two lesbians who made love even did that scene poorly ; get this , it was done in the missionary position ! avoid this movie
getting the family to watch any of these is like pulling eye teeth ... and they were all for buying it
francisco was right , this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust.the review on the back of the dvd says `` jaw dropping , `` but the full quote probably reads `` jaw dropping ( because i was lulled to sleep like a baby ) '' . there is about 30 seconds of truly jaw dropping footage , in the zombie attack scenes , but these scenes only account for maybe 5 minutes of the movie . the rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters , ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant `` evil side of human nature '' message that would be better left to jean renoir ( or even adam sandler considering the results here ) . i do n't watch zombie movies for the characters , especially characters so vapid and unengaging . it seemed like the script writer read a novice 's how to pamphlet and said `` yeah , it needs some conflict '' . if these characters were n't so constipated and bloated i 'd give them a chance . one amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of `` social commentary , '' but that 's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully . it was n't . you 'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass . the critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing , and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director 's real talent , which is ( you guessed it ) the lovely undead . the rest is monotonous dreck . i do n't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man 's dramatic rags . all that aside , the ending is the worst anticlimatic cop-out in the history of horror movies . a horror movie that sucks for 3/4 of its duration needs a cool climax to redeem itself , but the cut-away at the end makes you wan na kick the director in the gonads . sorry , but anyone who calls this a classic is a friggin soundbite-repeating moron .
i saw a glimpse of this movie earlier on hbo and was interested enough to purchase the dvd . too bad i did n't watch the movie first when it was free ! james earl jone 's acting abilities were wasted on this movie , and i wo n't comment on the others.i 'm glad that our armed forces are not as inept as portrayedin this film . sorry i ca n't be more complimentary , but ... ..
thought it would be insightful but it was just dull and low-budget .
i really enjoyed goodbye lenin , and it was mostly on the basis of seeing thatm film that i decided to watch this one . the film follows three idealistic , politically right-on young people rebelling against what they see as unthinking , selfish and uncaring bourgeois consumer society . this rebellion takes the form of breaking into rich peoples houses , moving their furniture around , and leaving notes like 'you are too wealthy ' - very situationist ( never mind the fact that this point is probably largely lost on the rich people they break into ) .all this is fine and well , but the problem with the film is that on the one hand it glamourises these young people , and on the other paints every single other person in the film as some rich , ignorant bourgeois pig . in the first ten minutes or so , i thought this might be a clever bit of directing , in which we view society as seen through their eyes , rather than society in its reality . however , this was n't to be the case . the world remained bourgeois , the kids are alright . the older generation bourgeoise are bare cyphers , and none ( with the exception of the man they kidnap ) is given anything like a personality . when a break-in goes wrong and they have to kidnap the rich man who lives there , and take him away to a shack in the hills . during this time , they decide to 'educate ' him about the wrongs of the world and the rich man 's part in them . the rich man barely challenges the young people at all , and accepts much of what he has done is probably wrong . the anti-capitalist argument running through the entire film is very one-sided . i could appreciate the film a little bit more if it was balanced , but this was n't . furthermore , there are all the usual cliches associated with this type of work - the edukators are young , good-looking and artistic - the subtext being that because they are arty , they can see things that others ca n't . at one point , one of the characters is on a bus when three men ( presumably police , though its not made clear ) hassle a drunk for not having a ticket . the character angrily bursts in and tells them to leave the drunk alone , gives the drunk his ticket , and gets off the bus . do drunks even get hassled on buses by gangs of police ? ca n't say that 's my experience - amybe they do in germany . this is a recurring problem with the film - situations designed to show the main characters in a good light are contrived and unrealstic.the anarchist/marxist/anti-capitalist dialouge the characters preach is so generic that it actually ends up being meaningless - by the end of the film you do n't actually know what exactly they stand for , or what their solutions are to the problems of society . basically , the one-sided political argument hamstrings the characters development . their views are never challenged , so they do n't change . it is left to the kidnapping and love triangle to create the conflict in the film . the ending is also unbeleivably cynical , and completely undoes any idealism that had been generated in the course of the film.generally , it feels like a script written by a 1st year politics student , being so utterly simplistic in it 's 'the rich are all bad ' message . i would recommend this to anyone who is 17 years old and angry at society , but at the same time i would n't recommend it to anyone who wanted some insight into how we should solve the world 's problems . there has been a rash of good political films lately - good night and good luck , syriana , the constant gardener . unfortunately , and given so much potential , this film is not one of them . shame
reference picture quality on hd-dvd . basically unwatchable though . i would not recommend the blind buy on this one .
i really tried to come to this movie with and open mind . i 'm a huge fan of jane austen and i thought the 1995 bbc miniseries actually came close to doing justice to her novel . still , i was looking foreward to seeing a new interpretation . unfortunately this one seemed to miss the point of the story . jane austen had a hilarious way of satarizing the social conventions and mores while being in their midst . this film ignores the social conventions altogether and therefore misses a great deal of austen 's humor . for example an unmarried man and woman would never greet each other in their pajamas . a man would never visit his fiancee while she was lying sick in bed in her nightgown . when these rules of propriety are ignored by the film , how are we supposed to understand or believe that it 's a big deal when lydia runs away with wickham ! ? another example is lady catherine . this is a woman who lives and dies by her snobbery and rigorous adherance to social conventions . yet in this film we see her barge into the bennet household in the middle of the night and wake lizzie up to ask a question that could easily waited until morning ( when lady catherine would n't have had to get her carriage driver out of bed to drive several miles in the dark- no streetlights remember- to the bennet household ) because no one adhere 's to societies rigorous , and for the most part arbitrary , rules , the movie misses the opportunies to subtly wink at the audience as it laughs at such things.another weakness lies in the casting . granted these actors had big shoes to fill . colin firth and jennifer ehle seemed to embody their characters in the 1995 miniseries , but as i said , there are other ways to interpret and play the characters . unforunately here everyone seems as if they 're reading lines with dramatic inflection- not acting . you can almost imagine keira knightly 's script having notes saying `` insert spunkiness here '' . while the scenery is lovely , the windswept cliff and farm images seem to recollect the tortured landscape of a bronte adaptation more than a manacured austen setting . overall this film comes off as one big missed opportunity
i did n't switch of after 3 minutes because i thought the film was trying to be deliberately bad as a precursor for the better bits to come . i switched off after 7
this entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you would n't miss anything and might even enjoy it . unfortunately it ran 88 minutes too long and i could n't wait for it to end . i saw it in the theater and the people all around me were all complaining how boring it was . at least a quarter of them walked out before the end . it 's that bad . it 's a shame , i love a good suspense/horror movie and the decent actors in this movies were waisted
i hate lawyers.what is a lawyer , anyway ? basically : it 's a telemarketer in a decent suit , a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset , only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb . shakespeare said it first and best : `` first , let 's kill all the lawyers ! `` . former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one : `` get all the lawyers in a room -- -and shoot 'em ! -- -in the mouth , so you *can't* miss ! '' exactly . anyway , `` the firm '' is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting , so i was probably all amped up to despise it . but not really : back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance , back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater , i briefly considered going into law : briefly , for about an hour . it was a desperate time , and i needed money . why did i consider walking hell 's highway , if only for an instant ? because john grisham , boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer , a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set , made it all sound pretty damned funky ( and lucrative ! hey , dig that bmw 7 series , baby , beep beep ! ) in his engrossing little novel `` the firm '' : granted , i 've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes , but it held my attention . i mean , seriously : you 're 19 , and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool . and strippers , man , plenty of strippers . oh , and did someone mention a bmw ? what 's the difference between a lawyer and a snake ? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a** . now it 's true : grisham writes like kim jong il sings , but -- -in `` the firm '' , anyway -- -he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace , from the pedestrian -- -hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm -- -to the pretty damned atrocious , all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense , suffocating sense of malice . grisham , like michael crichton , is n't a prose genius : he 's not even mediocre . but he writes for film , and `` the firm '' cried out for cinematic treatment . so it 's baffling that , with all the right stuff -- -tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere , gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt ( but ultimately worn-out and pathetic ) senior partner , and sydney pollack helming it up -- -that the big-screen treatment of `` the firm '' is such a yawner . talk about contempt of court.pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen . at its guts , really , `` the firm '' was really nothing more than the big career nightmare : i 've bet the farm on this gig , i 'm getting big money , i 'm working like a fiend , my wife is having trouble remembering my name , and evidently i 'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients -- -i 'm doing money laundering for the mob . pollack just mangles the whole thing , convolutes the simple , and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning . casting is part of the problem : cruise does his thing , running around memphis with his briefcase . hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze : `` the firm '' is all funny-wrinkles when he 's onscreen , but hey , a man can only do so much . jeanne tripplehorn ( cruise 's squeeze ) , who plays lara san giacomo when she 's not playing tripplehorn ( seriously , google the two of 'em : astounding ! ) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes . wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm 's security chief : too bald , too cracker , too rotund , too silly , too low-end , to do the role justice . holly hunter is even worse : hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy , which is baffling , given that she 's about 3'8 , and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah . it does n't help that she 's a big , ugly southern stereotype , the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be . you want her to die : she does n't . pollack wants us to think she 's clever and funny . she is n't . ed harris , i think , is in this movie . so is hal holbrook , which kinda ruins everything , because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you 're dealing with a bunch of friggin ' crooks . anyway , the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance , deus ex machina , of paul sorvino ( don morolto -- -what kind of goombah name is dat , anyway ? somebody call tony soprano ! ) , who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous . if you wan na see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours , by all means belly up to the bar . otherwise , case dismissed . js
i saw this movie and was shocked at the contents , considering that it was aimed at children . it starts out with the gypsy esmeralda doing a very provocative stripper style pole dance . while no stripping happened , there was n't much other difference in the style of dance . later in the movie , one of the men is obsessing over her in a manner i would never want my children to see . he sings a song about how she will burn in hell if he does n't have her , and meanwhile a vision of her provocative dancing is playing out in the flames of a fire . regardless of the rest of the movie , these two scenes make this highly innapropriate for children . not to mention that the story is very untrue to the novel , which had a tragic ending rather than a happy ever after one .
i think i just do n't like pilates because i really did n't care for this workout . plus , you are constantly roling up and down and from years as a ballet dancer we have always been taught that rolling your spine when working the stomach will not flatten the stomach it will cause the muscle to bulk up in your stomach and you 'll have a round hard belly . this is not my idea of an attractive waist line and this is true because it happened to a girl in one of my classes . so , that 's the main reason i just did n't like this video
in 1973 , director nicholas roeg took a daphne du maurier story about a strained family situation , added a child in a red coat and some superlative direction , cast wonderful , talented actors such as donald sutherland and julie christie , and produced a seminal and classic piece of seventies horror , the unmissable `` do n't look now '' .six years later , cronenberg - obviously , oh so obviously having been influenced by the starkly pared-down imagery and understated elegance of the roeg picture - decided to put his own markedly different spin on a terribly similar theme , with disasterously boring results.to synopsise the plot : frank carveth 's estranged wife is crazy , and undergoing unconventional therapy at her psychiatrist 's controversial institute . suspecting her of abusing their daughter , he removes her from his wife 's care , to the strenuous objections of her shrink . several people connected to wifey 's emotionally crippling past begin to show up dead , and carveth finds himself fighting to save his daughter from her crazy mother 's 'other ' set of kids.so it 's david cronenberg . so what ? performances and direction , as well as screenplay , are all simply mundane . there 's barely a shred of the sleek , polished talent we have come to recognise as david cronenberg , and what we have instead is a sort of mishmash of some of the better aspects from classic american horror movies , as seen through the obviously tired eyes of the writer/director . it 's almost got the sense of isolation of 'the shining ' , but there are too many incidental characters . it 's almost got the same sense of murder-by-numbers as 'hallowe'en ' , but lacks the decisive action of that movie . it 's close to the stark imagery and sense of motherhood-gone-awry as 'carrie ' ( and even the lead actress bears a striking resemblance to piper laurie ! ) , but samantha eggar 's performance is too overblown . makeup effects , too , are over-ambitious for the time and fail to create any sense of impact or drama , in that they just look silly . of course , you could say the same for 'the exorcist ' , nowadays , but where that film still has the incredible strength of ellen burstyn 's and linda blair 's performances , all 'the brood ' has to go on is some deformed alien-figures that hiss a lot . it 's not good.in short , where a movie matters most , 'the brood ' fails wholly to deliver , instead regaling us with 90 or so minutes of unfulfilling cinema.a note on the subtext : it 's difficult to feel any sort of respect for the social commentary contained herein . sure , topics like the state of the nuclear family and the negative effects of a mother 's love are riveting things , when handled properly . unfortunately , when the package and presentation are so obviously hollow and overdone , who could care less about subtext ? i could n't .
i loved what the bleep ? and i specifically wanted to learn more about 'creating your day'.this video teaches nothing about how to create your day - nothing.it 's just ramtha ( jz knight ) talking about the fact that you can create your day . i heard you in the movie ! i bought this to give me some additional insights into how to create my day.it does not teach any how whatsoever.do not buy this video ! buy `` the secret '' @ thesecret.tv.buy `` the attractor factor '' by joe vitale.buy `` wealth beyond reason '' by bob doyle.do not buy this video
they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was . the journey is awesome ! then all of the sudden , the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior . maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved ? they take some very low blows . they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler . actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young , and i really ca n't distinguish one 's ability from the other . they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations . vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test . as soon as he says this , they fade to black then come back with a new issue . what drug use ? which drugs ? presumably they 're talking about steroids . but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use . let 's not talk about that - let 's just keep ganging up on the warrior . they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior . and they also just try to badmouth him so much . who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him ? i do n't ! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk . and oh yeah - they do n't even let the warrior defend himself . why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined ? why do n't they address this ? this `` docu '' is more slanted than `` fahrenheitt 911 '' every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it . it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth , tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking .
four wealthy millionaire rock stars lacking direction , loaded with drugs with paul mccartney in charge -- what do you get ? magical mystery tour . with no plot , great music , this plays as a too-long music video without purpose . ok if you 're a beatles fan this serves as historical footage of the band circa 1967 . but if you were n't a beatles fan then there is no reason for this . at least a hard days ' night with richard lester as director was innovative and can still serve as a learning tool for future filmakers - but this ? too many drugs and too much ego and no direction . that 's all .
these are not the original theatrical realeases . in addition to the changes made in the special edition versions of the films , american cinematographer noted in their review of the dvd release that they had gone so far as to change the color-timing of the transfer so that the color scheme more closely resembled the more recent prequels . though they are an impressive technical achievement , i 'll be buying the academy award winning films that i saw when i was younger
i 've been wanting to see this movie and i finally did on logo . i 'm just happy i waited untill it came on tv . i though it was going to be way better considering what reviewers everywhere said about it . the romance was slim to none . i thought the other guy on the cover was going to have a bigger role . well , i wo n't say too much without destroying the movie for those who have not seen it . anyway , i would much rather watch beautiful thing , get real , all over the guy & the incredibly true adventure of two girls in love
my main motivation in seeing this movie was to better understand the reputation of echo park , a little area nestled next to downtown los angeles . i moved to echo park in late 2004.it 's depressing - the vicious cycle of drugs , dropping-out , and domestic violence . and it 's all here , told through the eyes of latina teenagers . it was easy to see the woman 's hand on the direction of the piece with the important roles that women played.i did n't care for the movie as a whole because it felt sluggish and uneven . i also found myself not caring about any of the characters . so-and-so gets shot , la la loo goes to jail . whatever ! as an aside , though , the evil neighborhood druglord was called ernesto . it turns out my next-door neighbor in real-life is also called ernesto . luckily , it 's just a coincidence
this very b grade horror film left alot to be desired . aside from one blasemophous scene where the demon priest sucks on a crusifix to suggest oral sex , and a young man who has ripped open his shirt to carees his pecks sucks his crusifix , there wasnt much to make this unrated . if your expecting to see frontal or rear nudity , forget it ! the nearest thing is teenage guys running around in tight calvin klein undies . however , if your someone who likes to use your imagination , this might be for you . one good thing about this flick is a pre charmed hottie drew fuller rubbing himself all over in his undies . if your a big drew fan like me , it might be worth buying , utherwise go buy a playgirl
here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made ! i could n't believe what i was watching ! moreover , i am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating . what is going on ? is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about ? am i naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain ? where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work , hamfisted confusing screenplay lacking energy and inventiveness and the cloying performance of modern cinema 's most tedious and overratedsleep inducing actor ralph fiennes ? how i long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as `` the constant gardener '' it appears that we unfortunate `` real '' film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future .
with the $ 70-million that was spent on the 2005 video-game-inspired film `` doom '' , you 'd think that director andrzej bartkowiak would have used better lighting so that the audience could actually see what was going on more clearly . on second thought , given that this predictable film was little more than 100 minutes of `` shoot the mutants '' , it 's pretty clear that mr. bartkowiak may have kept the lights dim in a dismal attempt to avoid personal embarrassment . as to the film 's plot , it can be summarized in a single sentence : a group of ï¿½ber-soldiers lead by their `` sarge '' ( played by the rock ) travel to mars to stop a bunch of scientists that have inadvertently transformed themselves into flesh-eating mutants after injecting a criminal with dna recovered from ancient humanoid fossils found in a martian archaeological dig . so , there 's tons of shooting , a lot of screams , gallons of fake blood & guts being tossed about , a martian sewer and a teleportation device that looks like a small-scale version of `` the sphere '' . others who starred in this forgettable rubbish include karl urban ( ï¿½ber-soldier john grimm ) and rosamund pike ( as john grimm 's sister named sam ) . why these two actors would stoop so low as to participate in `` doom '' defies logic.to anyone who actually paid good money to watch this 1-star film in a theater , you have my deepest sympathy . to anyone thinking of purchasing a copy of `` doom '' on dvd , please notice that there are a ton of used copies available for very a cheap price . that alone should tell you how `` good '' this film is
the opening strip scene is reminiscent of barbarella - too bad those are n't basinger 's legs though . nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as presented by kim basinger . i have never understood ackroyd 's characters . and keeping in form , he is once again as unfunny as mud . basinger tries so hard - too hard - to rescue this film , but that 's no small task considering the ineptness of this way silly film . ok so she munches on batteries , and thinks she has to cook everything in the kitchen at mealtime . she seems a genuine betty crocker given that her favorite foods are nuts and bolts . jon lovitch also tries to prop up ackroyd and this weak script . however , his contribution seems way overstated to me . he does n't have much to do . funny are the scenes inwhere the teenage girl eventually decides that her step-mother is not like other people . basinger 's character has a magic purse with an annoying creepy critter in it who tells her what to do . think , jar-jar blinks . i suppose it 's ok as a backdrop for housecleaning . but that 's it . flat and mechanical
do not buy ! ! ! great movie bad studio ! ! it has been announced that new line is replacing peter jackson as the director of the hobbit . the only way to stop this injustice is to hit them were it hurts the wallet . do not buy or see anything new line till the hobbit is returned to its rightful director ! ! !
this dvd was a total disappointment . first of all , this video was a rip off of baby genius series , but without the production value . second , this video promises to introduce your child to fruits and vegetables and healthy eating habits . to be fair , there are fruits and vegetables , but not so cleverly disguised in this video you will find dead and burned animals ( grilled turkeys etc . ) and rotten milk ( in other term cheese ) , chicken period ( eggs ) , ice cream ( i think it 's a child abuse to feed your 6 month old ice cream ! ) and other non-fruit and non-vegetable foods . this video shows a toddler chewing on a hunk of parmasan cheese that 's bigger than baby 's head ! i believe it is morally right to properly advertise your product and not misrepresent what your product has to offer , especially when it comes to offering children first look at health and nutrition . i would not recommend this video for vegetarians , vegans , or other parents looking to teach their children proper health and eating habits .
this dvd was the first one released by michael buble , and i bought it in hopes of seeing some of his live performances . there are segments of performances , but the editing and fast , wild cuts from one angle to the next to the next to the next really detract from the overall effect . the performances get largely lost . what remains is a lot of footage of michael and his original bandmembers drinking , clubbing , gambling , womanizing , and generally acting like rowdy frat boys.if you really want to be wowed and experience what a live buble concert is like , i highly recommend `` caught in the act '' . this dvd lives up to it 's name as part of the pbs great performances series produced by david foster . `` caught in the act '' is slick , glossy , flashy , enormously fun and absolutely true to the real experience . i 've seen buble perform live twice , and i can attest that `` caught in the act '' is just about as good as being there
this was so messy and mr. dorrington so over the top inhi self promotion . yuk . ! ..my partner and i were disgusted.he and his deceased friend/photographer are the rotten people who enter jungle animal habitats and cause the animals so much stress as to charge at them and these creeps can take photographs and brag-degenerates for sure.too damn bad for your buddy . it was obvious this was not quite of the caliber daring/bold/ and challenging as some of herzogs past films . we have been fans for 20+ years . looks like he did it for the money and dorrington rodeherzogs coatails in a way . geez..i had just watched march of the penguins and wings of migration and those ! are truly documentaries made by film experts . the babbling and rambling on in the white diamond made me pity herzog . he did it for the $ maybe.dorrington yammers on and on in such a disgusting way i suggest you turn the sound off and fast forward to the end shotsof the waterfall and the swifts . hey dorrington-who cares about you ? herzog..get out of california before you rot
this dvd covers addition from 1 plus 1 to 3 plus 3 plus 3 in about 60 seconds ! it does not give enough body to the addition explanation and is hard to follow . it was a pure waste of money
do not buy this dvd as it is a total waste of money , joe walsh canbe heard on a much better dvd with eagles farewell 1 melbourne , au . this dvd does not have dts 5.1 audio format as advertised
jodie foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end . the only mystery is in the details . no real suspense . i found the plot to be a little farfetched
undoubtedly the worst 'best of ' dvd ever made , even if someone gives this dvd as a gift you should punch that person in the face ... after watching this dvd i felt like burning down the company that made this dvd . if you want to play a practical joke on someone then might as well give this dvd to him as a gift . there might be emotional reasons why there were some positive reviews of this horror , but it ca n't be for the actual dvd . there are n't words to describe how bad it looks and sounds . shame on the band for putting this out . obviously all them cares about is getting the money and run with a 'best of ' on dvd . this item should be removed from the shelves for poor quality in picture . my taped videos on vhs from mtv and vh1 sound and look better than these ones , really . this essay in amatuerism may have some interest . for worse , is unforgivable is not including the whole video stuff from 90 's to 2000 . 'love is blindness ' , 'walk on ' , 'elevation ' and several alternative videos were edited out . did n't they have another filmed version of 'gone ' ? . mexico city 1997 was just a below average performance . shame on u2 for keep going with 'gone ' from that bad shaped bono 's rough night . i still dont understand why we must to keep watching the same footage for a particular song . im talking about 'until the end of the world ' . in case you dont know , theres an actual video clip from that song . rather , they just put the well known sidney 1993 version here.rumors say they 're going to release a dvd boxset by late this year . i really do n't want 'remastered ' versions of shows we 've been watching for even 22 years . rather , i 'm fond of watching previously unreleased footage . just in case , here 's a list of several unreleased pro-shot filmed concerts from early 80 's to pop mart tour ( i did n't include elevation because there 're 2 dvd 's out there from the same tour ) . cheers 1- belfast 23-01-1981 ( awesome concert ! ) 2- berlin 04-11-1981 ( great goncert ) 3- new york 22-11-1981 ( good concert ) 4- hattem 14-05-1982 ( awesome concert ! ) 5- roskilde 02-07-1982 ( awesome concert ! ) 6- devore 03-05-1983 ( great concert ) 7- st. goarshausen 20-08-1983 ( awesome concert ! ) 8- dortmund 21-11-1984 ( awesome concert ! ) 9- montreal 27-03-1985 ( great concert ) 10-los angeles 18-11-1987 ( awesome concert ! ) 11-dublin 31-12-1989 ( awesome concert ! ) 12-stockholm 11-06-1992 ( awesome concert ! ) 13-washington 16-08-1992 ( great concert ) 14-anaheim 14-11-1992 ( awesome concert ! ) 15-dublin 28-08-1993 ( awesome concert ! ) 16-adelaide 16-11-1993 ( great concert ) 17-rotterdam 18-07-1997 ( awesome concert ! ) 18-sao baulo 31-01-1998 ( great concert ) 19-santiago 11-02-1998 ( awesome concert ! ) what the hell are u2 waiting for ?
all of us have a dark side . unfortunately auto focus focuses on this small subset of actor bob crane 's life and expands it out of proportion . in doing so the movie reduces the other voluminous and interesting aspects of crane 's life and career as window dressing . even the screenplay is , at best , an uneducated guess at the evening escapades of bob crane and john h. carpernter -- since both are deceased with the former murdered and the latter the twice-accused murder suspect.in viewing this film i knew that it would involve some of crane 's extracurricular activities . my interest in the film was as a hogan 's heroes fan and hopeful that the movie would spend more time on the back stage politics and production of the successful six-year series . bob crane 's professional credits alone would make for a good film . auto focus unfortunately revolves around crane 's so-called `` secret life '' and is little more than a product for the risque film crowd.facts are facts and there are established truths about bob crane 's private life . auto focus , however , should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine . you are better off spending your time and money buying the dvd releases of the hogan 's heroes television series .
im a huge fan of writer sean mcginly , his classics include venomous starring treat williams and sonic impact with ice-t. mcginly 's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world , he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film two days . i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast ( which included hacks like paul rudd ) was not in the same league as superstars traci bingham and ice-t who have graced some of his previous work . please sean , stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff , leave that to idiots like capra , wenders , scorcese etc . they are not in your league .
i bought this dvd because i really adore the strokes . good music , good people , good style ... not so good documentary . whoever made this video should not make anymore at all ! the strokes were not even in this besides very few pictures & 10 second clips of them & the `` exclusive interviews '' were not that exclusive . no sound from any of the strokes & no interviews with them ... i can go on . i mean c'mon ... a documentary of the strokes should at least have the strokes in it , right
i was very disappointed with this show . having read the reviews i decided to buy the dvd , now i feel cheated . the jokes are weak , his inaccurate depiction of africa and his off-the-mark african accent were more annoying than amusing . jamie was crude , disgusting and even more disappointingly , not funny at all . he will look back at this and feel acknowlege that it was n't his best performance . he had such good material to base his jokes on but he flopped quite badly . i do not recommend this dvd at all
i had the complete opposite experience with this workout than did the previous reviewer . the combination of doing upper and lower body exercises simultaneously caused my heartrate to soar which caused symptoms of overtraining . many people love this video but i just had a bad experience with it
what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look
michael moore can be really funny at times , but most people should not take this goofball too seriously . about half way through 'the big one ' , i turned it off because i did not find it the least bit funny and i did n't know where moore was going . what is the point of putting in a pointless sequence where he is talking to the guitar player of cheap trick ? this is not one of his better films
the recent disappearance of spalding gray has made me realize what i do n't like about this film : its narcissism . it 's gray 's defining characteristic . after a while , despite jonathan demme 's fabulous direction ( he makes the best of a limited repertoire ) it just gets boring
i 'm a big fan of the sopranos so obviously the f word does n't bother me but this entire series seems like an excuse to show cowboys say the f word and mf . the stories and characters are superficial , boring and unintelligent . people who like this show are the same people who think that what makes the sopranos a great show is because people get `` whacked '' a lot .
the only good thing in this movie was ms. howard 's performance , she is innocent and believable . i ca n't understand how good actors like weaver , hurt , and phoenix would let themselves be wasted on this . the 'plain ' dialogue among the 'elders ' is painfully numbing , choppy , and stilted . and the directing drove me crazy , especially since m. night ... insists on filming group scenes as is he was just passing through , or following them without ever bothering with close-ups . these scenes make me feel like they were done by an amateur filmmaker with a his first video camera . if you like the back of william hurt 's head , you 'll get plenty of it in this film , the camera seems to avoid his face like the plague ; which is too bad , since when he finally has a good speech , we are deprived of the anger i imagine was in his eyes . i agree with others , i would have worked better as a 30 minute twilight zone episode . rent it first before you buy , and save some money for a classic thriller , like psycho
`` rip it off '' is not an easy film to watch . in short , it is dull and meanders from plot line to plot line , leaving only the most attentive viewer ( read : myself ) to guess at what was going to happen next . but not in a good way . judging from its drab look and unimaginatively shot scenes , not to mention a script whose dialogue borders on the absurd , it never ceases to amaze me how it managed to attract such well-known and talented personalities as alyson hannigan and jennifer esposito . it begs the question : why did you do this film ? or , on a personal note , why did i buy this film , especially at $ 22 and change ? frankly , i bought it because of alyson hannigan : she 's gorgeous , obviously intelligent , and the girl can act . individually speaking , she does not disappoint here . it 's obvious that she really did n't want to sleep walk through her role as lexi , and she gives the other actors a lot of material to work with . although the silly musical leitmotifs seem deliberately crafted to undermine her scenes , she is a singularly interesting actor to watch , and her performance simply wants me to see her do more , preferably a more mature and fully fleshed out character in a serious film ( see jennifer aniston in her brave performance in `` the good girl . `` ) but enough gushing : if ms. hannigan had not been as engaged , i would have trashed her soundly . most everyone else in `` rip it off '' ( with the possible exception of the fellow who plays sergei with operatic relish ) is more or less `` phoning it in '' when they do their scenes . this made me lack any kind of sympathy for them in addition to making me sleepy . also , films of such low production value should come with a printed warning of some sort : beware ! do not adjust your screen ; the appearance of the film is inherently bad . `` rip it off '' and films of its ilk give independent filmmaking a black eye . i 've seen black and white student films with greater intrigue and atmosphere than this turkey . and , contrary to the technical description of the dvd , it is presented in the horror that is full screen , and not widescreen . can you believe people invest money in these films ? ( ahem .
my impression watching this turkey was that it had to be the work of a film student desperately trying to impress some artsy instructor . it 's all style , no substance . i got the vague impression that there was a story somewhere in this mess of flashbacks , long slow camara pans across stephen dorff 's very trendy and stylish haircut , and yelling matches with side characters whose only function seems to be to have someone to yell with . despite the very art-house feel of it , the story is lost , the viewer is never quite sure if the `` philosophy '' of the main character is meant to be taken seriously , and the style is nothing we have n't seen done better other places.all in all , i found it pretty vapid , painfully slow , and incredibly frustrating , because there is a good movie in here somewhere , if only the script had gone to someone else to make.on a side note , toby maguire shows up for a little while as a stoned out of his mind loser , which was a bit of a trip given where his career eventually went
i thought the movie was alright , but i am sorry that i bought it . i would rather have just rented it . it seems like half of the movie is out of focus , i am sure it is on purpose but i just do n't get it . there are a few erotic scenes but they are not worth the price
these plays were okay , i 'm glad i rented them before buying them . the props and things were very nice , the actors did n't gel well with each other or connect with their characters and the singing was mediocre ( definitely no tyler perry quality on that note ) but the messages were good just seemed a little unrealistic and too drawn out . i thought alexander o'neal sang in one of them but he did n't
i 've had the opportunity to watch the movie stealth over the past week.it was on tv here . otherwise , i do n't think i would have watched it.my instincts would have been correct.an action technothriller , stealth has a predictable plot . a new elite team of 3 good-looking pilots gets a new wingman on their first mission in the field : an artificially intelligent stealth aircraft which picks up the bad habits of the 3 pilots , including a disrespect for authority . mayhem ensues . people die . the leaqd pilot develops a relationship with the artificial intelligence , and they work together to save the female pilot , who 's gone down in north korea.the plot , direction , and acting combine together to produce performances from the 3 leads ( josh lucas , jessica biel , jamie foxx ) that are about as wooden as their electronic counterpart.i 'm sure that people went to see this because of the 3 beautiful leads , and came away disappointed . me ? i was expecting little , so i guess my expectations were met.though i will say i was amused by the last line
dull , dull , dull.if i could have submitted a review and given zero stars i would have.pointless
whoever made this film is obviously trying to impress upon the viewer the idea that artists are deep complex people . but all i see in the film are low life drug addict losers who sit around ( few of them seem to have jobs ) and party all day . the main character ( sid ) is a pseudointellectual who claims she majored in critical theory in college ( ultra liberal nonsense which has the goal of undermining western culture to pave the pathway for marxism ) . the film appeals to naive youth
this film was boring and convoluted . one big mess that you shouldnot waste your precious cash on
musicals are historically slight in the plot department , and this movie is no exception . three stars : one fading , one rising and one coasting do not help matters either.rita is the fading star . it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow . the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes , and her hair and costumes are just bad . novak is the rising star , although i do n't get the 50 's obsession with bubble headed , busty , bleach blond bimbos . it would help if she could act , but sadly her range is very limited . i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic , since she was unable to convey it herself . then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool . does n't seem plausible that a hep cat like him , who could bag any `` doll '' , `` dame '' or `` mouse ? `` , would fall for either of these gals.anyway , i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog . he stole every scene he was in . although that was n't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie
guess i 'm in the minority about this , but this play ( not a movie ) left me thinking that i wasted my money . i enjoyed madea , she is a great character . i never seem to care about the rest of the people or their problems . for me the only thing funny about it was when madea took the stage , the rest of it was simply boring
i bought this dvd after reading all the great reviews and i was very disappointed . first off , it is outdated and that is annoying with the annoying music- but the background exercisers really bug me too . not only that , the moves are strange . she does a lot of shoulder work moving back and forth with her feet to the beat of the cheesy music . i found my neck hurt a lot after that . the leg section would be good if there was another way to position yourself . the ab section too was so old school , i was hoping to find some new exercises . i love karen voight but this dvd was definately the worst i have yet to purchase of hers . all the other karen voight i own i absolutely love
i love pablo 's act on comedy central . this one does n't even touch it
i bought this dvd becuase i really wanted to learn the dance moves in `` you got served '' and was extremely disappointed . the only routines they teach you are from the people who lost the dance battles in the movie and why you would want to learn those , i do n't know . the freestlye section at the end is fun to watch , but this is neither a good workout nor a good hip hop dance video
this movie is a rehash of the first , but it is a crappy , unconvincing , emotionally uninspiring movie . let me guess what part 3 will be about : a guy who looks at video or pictures goes back in time , does not alter that timeline the way he wants ( i.e . always worst case scenario ) and ends up killing himself in the end for the sake of everyone else
for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up . i feel that it 's the most insulting film to be released . it hides the fact that we as citizens , and our government do n't really care about who we stick in office . if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up . i ca n't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time , and believe me i do n't feel it 's right to air it all over the news either . i feel that it comes down to the man , and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing , and own up to his/her mistake . this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it 's alright to cover things up , and there are no absolutes , or rights or wrongs . wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who 's rich ? do we wait until then to change the moral ? that 's pathetic , and so is this movie
well you know the drill . some people will like anything that is `` artsy '' or `` out of the ordinary '' or `` made by that great director '' . its a different kind of herd but a herd nevertheless.the movie is about incest . it is about sex and adolescence . and , ironically , it is some kind of a parody of the very crowd that is giving this movie rave reviews . the best part of this movie is eva green . or , more precisely , eva green 's body . i did n't care about her acting ( i thought it was mediocre ) . i just sat there and drunk her body in , wishing that i was that lucky actor ( whats his name again ? ) . the only reason to watch this movie is eva green . if she was indeed exploited by the elderly director with an intimidating reputation , then i am glad it happened . the movie is visually rich . in fact , its so rich that bertolucci seems to be masturbating his sensibilities for us all to see . but i will take it . he captures and celebrates eve green 's stunning body - every square millimeter of it ( including her genitals - the movie is nc17 for a reason ) , to perfection . other than that , there is nothing else in the movie . the story is utterly insipid , the old movie clips , the `` discussion '' of morality or whatever ... nothing interesting . the music is another plus point.bottomline , watch it for eva green 's body . it deserves five stars . but the movie deserves only two
js concert was the most boring thing i have ever seen on dvd ! my cat was more interested in watching it then i was , and that was only because of jessica 's frilly costumes ! the sound system stank ! i was expecting her voice to echo like crazy . all of jessica 's songs were about expressing her love for nick . this dvd is so boring i 'm falling asleep just trying to figure out what to say about it . oh yeah ... her vocals were too breathy , that pink thing she wore looked like a flamingo caught in a shredder , and she should have left take my breath away alone ! nick did n't take her breath away she took his when she decided to walk out of their marriage ! nick will be siniging i 'm taking half away ! , and jessica will be singing i should have prenup
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of `` mississippi burning '' or the anger and impunity of `` ghosts of mississippi '' , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade `` miss congeniality '' type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l. jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not `` a powerful film . '' it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like `` mississippis burning , '' that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
terrible direction , terrible writing , it almost feels like the director did n't know what he was working with . although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie clue , it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid . it was a total watse of good celluloid
this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played . `` eight women '' is the story of , well , eight women , who are trapped by a snowstorm -- all 5 inches of it . the man of the house has been murdered in the night . young and old , black and white , of different classes , the women must try to determine who the killer is . `` eight women '' is also a movie about secrets , of which everyone seems to have several . the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france . yet the first 2/3 of the film is tolerable , funny and even a bit interesting . the characters are self-interested and fun . there 's dotty old grandma , a prissy , hysterical virgin aunt , the dead man 's vampish sister and coltish young maid , two daughters , a somber yet elegant wife ( catherine deneuve ) and a black cook . plenty of class and age tension to make three movies.did i mention the music ? every twenty minutes or so , one of the characters breaks into song . these are always those stereotypical french songs -- full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime -- that are tedious to american ears . and bizarre . while one character sings , the rest do slow little dances . strange.by the 2/3 mark , i was going to give this quirky film 4 stars . but soon , the plot line spun out of control , getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending . definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience .
we got jason in space and we get pinhead in space . this is pure nonsense . words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels : when you start putting horror movie villains in space to kill people , it 's time to stop making these movies !
maybe this is not fair , to write a review without even seeing the dvd . i wanted to make sure disney understands that people do read these reviews , and i am not buying this dvd , as swamp fox is incomplete ! three out of eight episodes is hardly a reason to purchase
yes . wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes . are n't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot ? wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story.recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film . candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast ( from oscar nominee matt dillon , kevin bacon etc ) can turn candy into cuisine
this has got to be the worst film i 've ever seen . its not sad . its not funny , jest over blow mellow dramatic garbage . i do n't have any sympathy toward nick in this movie , because he does give you anything to work with or want to keep him . the actor is the worst of all . i cant tell if he 's sad in some seens , or angry or jest retarded . i 've seen some sad movies but this one jest sucks , i guess its aimed at a different time of homosexuals instead of the present . it probably worked better back in 96 ' . but this movie is so so so bad . its embarrassing . do not rent it or buy it or view it on television.note 's : this film had some great talenta song from olivia newton jon , and ( one of my most personal favorites ) mila and my favorite comedians margaret cho . she 's to good but ... why this film , she ( and mila ) are to good for some want to be tearjerker movie like this .
i knew that this concert dvd was an acoustic show so i was n't surprised that the tempo was slow at the beginning . but to start the show with gilmour tuning his guitar was a bit much . once he did start playing , gilmour was having such a hard time finding his rhythm that i found myself praying for the drums to kick in . by the time things settle down , the really glaring problem with this dvd comes to the surface . the mix is horrible . the crowd noise drowns out gilmour at times when they cheer a song they recognize , he is almost inaudible when talking between songs and at many points the backup singers completely cancel him out . i found myself constantly adjusting the volume which really takes away from the `` concert experience '' .there are high points in the show , but the low points are rock bottom . comfortably numb is a song that millions of people know by heart . two versions are provided on this dvd - from the concert and in the bonus section . neither of the guest singers ( robert hewitt and sir bob geldoff ) know the words , have to read from sheet music and based on their phrasing have never heard the song before . gilmour would have been better off asking for a volunteer from the audience . the very best thing on this dvd is , oddly enough , in the bonus section . screamin ' jay hawkins ' i put a spell on you , a blues standard performed with mica paris and jools holland , almost makes the dvd worth buying . almost . watch jonathan demme 's beautiful treatment of neil young : heart of gold if you really want to see a great acoustic show . that is the gold standard .
i watched this with some trepidation , and i have to say it was both better and worse than i thought it would be . it was better because it remained fairly true to the original , in terms of retaining the multiple conflicting story lines and the ambiguous ending . it was worse because the attempts at erotica were less entertaining than the original , and i found stone 's lampshade hairstyle oddly distracting.a couple of things kept me viewing this dvd . one was the london setting , which gave me an opportunity to see what time has done to one of my old home towns . the other was sharon stone 's rather plucky performance , and the presence of charlotte rampling , who has aged into a different kind of beauty . morrisey does n't even come close to filling michael douglas 's shoes , and it 's hard to feel sorry for him at the end.as with the first movie , you are left with the feeling that there was a better film waiting to be made . the basic idea of a psychotic novelist who feels compelled to act out her fantasies in real life is an intriguing one . however , both movies were quick to abandon hitchcockian understatement for speeding cars and gratuitous sex . there 's nothing wrong with either of these things , but here they just get in the way
went to see this movie at the imax in san antonio this weekend . i have to say i actually laughed most of the way through . the effects were decent , but most of the time i had trouble making anything out due to the fuzzy 3d effects . that was when i was n't having to `` look around '' the bird statues and gargoyles that popped up in the foreground of the shot in blazing white about six inches from my face making it completely impossible to focus on the actual movie.some of the torture scenes and the faustian plotline , along with the hideous firey face that is mr. d make this movie too dark and scary for anyone under the age of 10 , but the terrible plot along with the worst voice-acting i have had the displeasure to hear in my life make the film unbearable for anyone over the age of 10.basically , i guess you could say i was slightly displeased with the movie . i do have to admit that i got a hearty laugh when the main character , johnny ( played by jasper steverlinck , an up-and-coming rocker and lead singer of the band arid , a decent rock group that was featured at the end of the movie in the only bright spot i could find in the movie ) throws his guitar into the fire and begins singing opera to defeat the evil mr. d and destroy the haunted castle . unfortunately , the scene was designed to be serious
i love david cross 's comedy , i love his stand up , i love mr. show . but this dvd is not kinda boring , it is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen . there may be a few folks who find something entertaining in this dvd -- there is no accounting for taste . but 98 out of 100 normal people will simply shake their heads trying to figure out why this dvd was released
i checked this out because i wanted to take a look at what the new doctor who people have been doing in the recent past . the second coming is n't quite as cosmic , but it certainly engages us in some comparable flights of fancy . steve baxter ( christopher eccleston ) has an epiphany one night when he 's out on the town with some mates . he reckons he 's become the son of god and he proceeds to turn night into day at maine road football ground in order to demonstrate his divinely-chosen status ( a bit like david icke , except with powers ) . his immediate friends take their time to come to terms with this and despite becoming the ` new disciples ' some of them - notably judith his girlfriend ( lesley sharp ) - remain sceptical . through the media he tells the world that they must come up with a ` third testament ' . it later transpires that if they do not , the end of the world will soon follow.what are this messiah 's credentials ? well , he spends forty days in the wilderness which is saddleworth moor and he has no earthly father - it turns out that his dad is infertile and could n't have fathered him . this tickled me . did writer russell t. davis pass his gcse in religious studies , do we think ? i could n't really work out whether the religious symbolism was unconsciously corny and nave or whether it aimed at giving us a laugh . i 'd like to think the latter . steve , curiously , is n't what we might describe as spiritual - certainly not religious . he swears all the time , boozes and although not quite loutish , is somewhat laddish . he 's a laddish messiah . his disciples swear at him and he insults them back . ( message to southerners - we in the north are not all like this , despite the plethora of dramas which suggest otherwise : preston front , our friends in the north , etc . writers do seem to have this desire to patronise us thus . ) what 's noticeable about the founders of the major world religions is that they managed to espouse some degree of religious wisdom . steve , who just witters nonsensically to the crowds , seems to lack this facility . is he meant to be devoid of wisdom ? are we asking too much of russell t. davis to place some in his mouth ? could he have done so had he wished ? presumably our writer would need to possess some himself ! ( jury 's out . ) it turns out that the party piece belongs to the sceptical girlfriend who clearly becomes the mouthpiece for the programme 's message.so what happens ? despite almost two hours of waiting for judgement day , with little action or plot development we eventually come to learn that our messiah is something of a damp squib . he ends up at the girlfriend 's home where she feeds him a dish of spaghetti a la rat poison which he takes willingly but not before we discover that he is really just a sort of encapsulation or epitome of human religiosity . enlightened humanity - judith - finally comes to realise that she can and must live without him and she spits him out . they argue for a while before atheism wins out and steve chomps down the poisoned pasta ( after the two hours i found myself saying ` bon appetit ' ) . so we get the sermon , although it 's a secular one which declares the futility of religious belief . but this messiah seemed to me to be almost devoid of any meaningful religious ideas anyway . you ca n't debunk what does n't exist . steve ca n't be a foil for atheism if he is a kind of atheism . i suppose that we do end up questioning russell t davis 's understanding of spirituality , not to say he should necessarily adhere to religion or spirituality , but perhaps to understand it to come degree . and yes , there is a naivety and a corniness which underpins all this third-form philosophy , typical of so many young people working within the arts . it 's a pity that the message of the piece could n't have been delivered within the actual context of the drama itself . what we have is a two hour tv play followed by a secular sermon , subtext puked out and all . we do have an epilogue , however , where our new-found heroine is hilariously transfigured at the supermarket . i do recommend the second coming for amusement , but for enlightenment you 'd better have something else to hand .
i 'm a huge orson welles fan and actually regret making this public knowledge - but i hated this film . i was excited to crack open the beautiful packaging and quickly fell into a disappointing episode of feeling really dumb that i just did n't get it . the photography was classic welles - the acting was something out of a bad rehersal at an insane asylum . do n't get caught up in having to like it , just because it 's welles - it 's ok to go against the grain and declare to the world - this movie blows
when i received this dvd , i played it on my imac . when doing this , i discovered that there were chinese characters showing at the top of the screen . the quality of the dvd images were dark and grainy . i reported to amazon that they had unknowlngly sold me a pirated dvd , and i was saddened to not have a response from amazon other than refunding my costs . copyright is not only a law to protect publishers ; it also protects consumers from getting poor quality products . i feel that i can no longer depend on amazon to provide my dvd orders .
not a good script kind of slow , a regular movie if you are into history in america , but if you dont live there , or got any interest in this particular plot , i wont recomended , is borin
the book from alex haley when i read it some 10 years ago changed my life and views of people with color , and everyone should read it , yes even conservatives , manditory . however , this movie something just wasnt good . to long ? the over all acting ? spike , you make some great movies , summer of sam is one of your best , do the right thing . spike has a gift for cinematography , however spike lee interview on espn ? the interview said , interviewer : `` kanye west said that bush does n't care about black people . would you agree with that ? lee : `` yes , i agree with that , but i 'll go one step further and say that bush does n't care about people who do n't have any money ( whether they 're black or white . ) i guaranteed you that if this same disaster happened on long island or let 's say the hamptons , you would have had an entirley different response from fema and his administration . '' but you should have seen how he said it , it was as if he was staring right into the camera with this smirk on his face . the dude is bold man , i 'll give him that and i applaude him . spike said either black , white , mexican , or asian . but what he did n't say was italians ! ! that dude has been getting flack forever for his dis'n of italians in his movies , they call him a racist all the time . here was his chance to say something , and he blew it . just did n't happen to say italians ? no so he is a racist too . and so are the africans in africa , they never have liked white people either , so what about that spike ? try going over their and applying for a job ! and while i am at , the african americans in even baton rouge do n't want the blacks from n.o . coming up their ! how come spike never said anything about that ? fkn whiners , so many the world over ! give them a mic and let them talk and will put it on tv and let the world see it for the fools they are . and ignoramus white liberals eat it up as its gospel and he is telling da truth
maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the russian president and jack ryan are talking to each other through the computer , repeat is spelled `` reapeat '' . on top of that , the acting was horrible ... this movie did n't take itself seriously enough . ben affleck sucked as much as he did in this movie as he did in pearl harbor
after viewing the avengers with emma peel , which i do every evening after the dreadful news , enjoying repeats and repeats as well , with reluctance i played the hospital dvd.i thought it was terrible . the diagogue idiotic.i could not help but laugh when scott attacked diana . emma peel would have thrown him across the room.i had to play a few episodes of emma peel in the avengers series to cleanse me of this disappointing and terrible hospital dvd.the lovely diana rigg is a great actress and an extremely intelligent woman , and i was saddened that diana after all those wonderful and exciting avengers collection , with her unrivaled beauty and possessing the most beautiful voice and able to do her own stunts took on this dismal role in the hospital dvd.i see that this dvd was dated 1971 , this was only 4 years after her last avenger episodes dated 1967 . in hospital , i believe she was 33 years old.oh well , i will cleanse myself of this hospital dvd and devote an eveningr to a few episodes of the avengers with the lovely diana rigg as emma peel.finall , john steed would have been shocked to see how emma reacted to george scott the doctor . can you imagdine if john steed appeared in the hospital dvd to collect diana rigg and ride off into the sunset as they do after an avenger episode.perhaps they will issue hospital 11 , and bringr in john steed and a few other great actors of that series.robert lyonsreno , nevad
i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family , each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3 & 4 and now want 1 & 2.do n't wait any longer,24 episodes of absolute delight await you
to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad . the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky ( rodney eastman ) was in the movie . ( for about 5 mins ) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
i owned the original vhs version ... i quickly gave it to a friend of mine , free of charge.eric johnson may be considered a guitar great ( i do n't get it ) , but he has the personailty of a shoelace and it is aptly demonstrated in this instructional video . some people just are n't good teachers , no matter how great a guitarist they are . as an added bonus , his guitar is drenched in reverb throught the entire video , even during specific examples & demos ! say what ? finally , the length of the video was way too long ( or at least it felt that way . it took repeated viewings for me to get therough from start to finish ) .throw in a mind-numbing finale/lecture about patch cables , cable length , pick gauge , strings , theories on physics and you get eric johnson : total electric guitar - agonizing to watch & absolutely god-awful . stick w/ brian setzer ( the rockabilly instructional bible ) , james burton ( hello ... ..elvis ' guitarist ! ) , yngwie j . ( the only instructional video you need for precision shredding ) , danny gatton ( 1 & 2 : encyclopidias of all styles ) or b.b . king : bluesmaster ( extremely in-depth analysis/demos of b.b . 's style by b.b . ) instructional videos/dvds . even if it 's not your style , these are highly informative , educational & entertaining . i highly recommend these
let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie.1 . it is incredibly beautiful animation2 . the music is amazing3 . i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv seriesthe things i do n't like about the movie:1 . the characters are not developed at all2 . you get the feeling your only skimming the surface , like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread3 . it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process.ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5 , well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation . the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end . i just kept thinking there has to be more . but there was n't . the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just could n't find its parents . this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff . but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please do n't buy it rent it first . i 'm not saying its a bad movie by any means , just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good do n't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series
i unfortunately wound up seeing this christmas misgiving on its original airing . i have always been a fan of any christmas special since rudolph hit the air way back when . each holiday season i hope for something to come along that has the potential to become the `` new rudolph '' . this is so far away from that you would need the hubble space scope in order to see how close it came . the imaging is excellent and has been executed with great expertise . regrettably the story makes santa vs. the martins look like an oscar contender . such a waste trying to make it more desirable by hoking it up with 3d gimmickry . you ca n't improve on failure . after it aired on tv i did n't see it return in later years on regular tv . i did n't miss it then and was hoping to extend the pleasure indefinitely . ca n't win them all
as someone said in an earlier review , the movie is split up into two parts . the first part , training camp , was good . i enjoyed the movie up until it switches to vietnam . after that , i found it unwatchable . the main character is so annoying , i kept hoping he would get shot instead of his supporting cast . if you 're looking for a good war movie , look elsewhere .
i could barely get through the ... um ... er ... reimagination ... of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's `` performance '' is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $ $ $
i have to say that even though teti hatcher 's performance was good the movie itself was terrible . the plot was pretty dumb and the situations that take place in the movie are not believable . i can ; t believe i wasted my money on this one
i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety . i think i made it about 45 minutes in . despite many fine actors , esp . the always interesting jeff bridges , who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles , i simply could not connect and did not care about these people.it was this huge budget american movie shorthand : we 're supposed to care because we 've been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else , but it just does n't work for me . if i do n't care this far into the movie , it just wo n't happen.visually beautiful , and sky high production values on costumes and sets , it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling . whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces , which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of , but why do n't we get faces like that in the major characters . of course chris cooper has that kind of face , but many others ( esp . all the `` size 2 women '' in the supporting roles ) seem to have stepped out of a commercial.the chicago tribune called this film `` sleek and beautiful . '' i will completely agree with that , but so are music videos . i kept asking myself , what is wrong , what is misfiring ? i really wanted to like it . some of it is the short-hand story telling , but the look was almost too pretty . when the cinematography is this gorgeous , you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper , or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series . ultimately , i began wondering if the original length was much longer , and it was cut down so much that it became fractured , and if that is the case , my apologies to the director . this is the kind of film that makes me ponder , what is it that european film-makers `` get '' that we lose in our big budget studio films ? is the system itself hurting some films , by sanitizing and conforming them , when they need to stick out like an unruly horse 's nose at the starting gate ? very beautiful , but no connection , and not satisfying ... well , that 's a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell , is n't it ? there are lots of special features on this dvd , but if i ca n't sit through the film , i do n't care about the extras . so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it ! i hear the book is something wonderful ...
great casting , but poor choice of a stage script to translate to film . it 's so aggravating . i want to chew my own leg off half way into it . i know part of it is everyone is a `` talker '' of a various sort . they 're all a different type of scam artist for this reason in how they sell . i just do n't think it works . otherwise talented dialog delivery that comes off totally contrived . the best actors in this are playing cliches of themselves . it gives stage to screen adaptations a bad name . mamet 's an extraordinary genius-writer , but this did not belong on the screen .
denzel washington is probably my favorite actor . even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate , he shone . tom hanks ? well , lem me quit hating the guy . this is a well-intentioned movie , tom did a creditable job , and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached . i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy . a passionate one , though , since he 's still a latino , after all . actually , this is a hollywood `` message movie , '' and you know what that means . it 's about as subtle as michael moore . those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours . those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie , those who do n't agree with the message , stay as far away from it as possible . there 's a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy . the way they stared at him reminded me of `` lao wei in china '' experiences . denzel 's character was reminded of segregation , even though he 's too young to remember it , and started to care about tom hanks ' character . aids discrimination is bad . actually , any discrimination at all is bad . and that 's the movie 's message . i agree with the message , but still . that 's all we 've got . as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter , if the name `` sam francisco '' means anything to you , you 've seen subtle commentary on discrimination . i love a great courtroom drama . this one was merely good . with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film , they had to take a few shortcuts here . sad , ai n't it ? but even so , a well-intentioned film that i 'm glad i saw . once . not twice . once is enough , thank you .
this movie isnt worth the time to read this review . it sucks and i 'm a big trinity fan . my advice is keep searchin
i really wanted to give superman volume 3 a full 5 stars , but unfortunately the quality control of the dvd release is poor , hence the 1 star rating . the dvd set i purchased skipped at the green lantern episode . the replacement i got also skipped at the same place . in addition , the two-sided disc format with which all three dvd volumes have been released is a damage prone format . luckily i was able to get a full refund , but at this point i 'm not sure if or when i 'll try my chance at buying this set again . the lack of quality control is too bad , because volume 3 contains some of the best episodes of the whole series . if you are fortunate enough to get a dvd set free of defects , then you are really in for a treat . bruce timm and company bring the same high level of storytelling to superman as they did on batman : the animated series . of particular note is an ongoing subplot involving the villain darkseid throughout the series . it finally gets put front and center in several episodes of volume 3 , and leads straight to the very powerful and dramatic series finale . i felt that the finale could have been written out across three episodes instead of two due to the scale of the story , but nevertheless it is a great ending for a great series
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the characters are unlikeable except for charity 's two friends . the songs are far too long and i had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull . i was especially disappointed with big spender because i love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from bob fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar . the only redeeming factor was that sammy davis jr. was in it . he 's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid . this was my first shirley maclaine film and on the back it said that sweet charity was her best movie . i have no desire to see her other movies then
uhmm ... .yah ... this is a low budget `` film '' , but low budget doesnt mean it has to suck . i 've seen tons of low budget films that were absolutely beautiful pieces of art . it 's impossible to even figure out where to start in reviewing sideline secrets ; for even untrained actors this is bad , it seemed that the voices were completely dubbed like in an old japanese movie , and i think i even saw someone moving in the background in the supposedly tense office scene when there was n't supposed to be someone in the backgroung . i will give whomever a tiny bit of credit though for turning a livingroom & a garage into what was supposed to be a club - and at the end of the home movie , i was pleasantly surprised to see the gogo dancer was actually attractive ( quite so too ! ) as opposed to the rest of the young cast in this trying ever-so-hard to be a soft-core porn\thriller . in all seriousness , this thing gave me a horrible migraine . if you are stupid enough to actually buy this ( thankfully my roommate rented it ) invest in either a bottle of advil or a sledge hammer - you 'll want to use both on your head after the first 20 mins ...
i understand that some fans would like to see more of their loved characters ( this series is one of the best as far as i 'm concerned ) , and i can understand the need in filling in a gap especually if the show has n't been aired in a while on tv : but i can not understand anyone who buys this dvd for any reason.you do not need this dvd to `` fill the gap in your collection . '' they did the same thing with chobits in episode 7 , another damn recap . there 's no point in watching it . the series is great , stick to the episodes both before and after this dvd . trust me , i know how tempting it is to either rent this episode , get it on netflix , or go out and buy it outright ... but do n't . you 'll only be sorry . there are a myriad of reasons why the company made this dvd ( posted elsewhere ) but what 's important is that it is a waste of time and money.great series ( a+ ) , this dvd = f .
i discarded the dvd after watching it . if you do not want to have the impression of witchcraft in your home do n't buy this version of the secret garden .
i really wish amazon would let you chose from negative numbers when it comes to rating stars . this movie is nothing but anti-gun propaganda . i have gotten up and walked out of better movies than this , but it was like watching a train wreck ... i just had to stay for the end . you know , for those of you who do n't know ... firearms save far more innocent lives than they take every year , and mine was one of them . this movie cd might make a good coaster , but beyond that it is trash.some less than truthful `` nra member '' ( yeah right ) wrote ... '' i really liked and enjoyed this movie . the acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention . it will keep yours too , just give it a chance . sure , it was a little bit slanted against the gun industry , but they deserve it and need to be more responsible . i may buy the dvd to watch it again , but am overwhelmed with the movies i have bought from amazon.com and not gotten around to watching . however , i may add this to my collection ! `` horse hockey . member of the nra ? more like member of the micheal moore fan club . this was the worst movie i have ever seen . they even had to lie to get you in the theater , as nothing was mentioned about it being anti-gun in the trailers ! and saying that it was `` a little bit slanted '' is like saying micheal moore is skinny and has never ate a cheeseburger or told a lie ! !
i got this video thinking it would be like the baby faith videos with fun and creative elements for learning development . my baby watched about two mintues and was gone . i think this is pitched as a baby video but it 's really more geared toward older children . none of the elements have anything to do with the music , making is virtually useless as a learning development product . i give it a big `` thumbs down '' . try any one of the baby faith products like god made me , god made music and god made animals . they 're awesome !
awful ... truly awful . joanne sellar and daniel lupi ( producers of boogie nights and hard eight ) should be ashamed of themselves and so should the weinsteins for producing this piece of crap
leary is a hack . he was n't `` influenced '' by bill hicks , he stole material . that makes him a hack . how can you leary fans argue with the definition of the word hack ? take it up with webster 's dictionary . the exact bits leary stole are described in the book american scream on pages 201-202 . bill hicks was incensed when he heard leary 's tape . on behalf of bill 's memory , give credit to the original .
it 's good to see that in his twilight years , old squinty eyes , clint eastwood is growing comfortable playing grouchy old dudes , because , well , he is a grouchy old dude . this movie is anemic from the beginning . taken from a wonderful novel by michael connelly , clint plays an old grouchy dude who 's just gotten a new ticker because his last one gave out while chasing a serial killer . run , run , run , thud . next , new ticker intact , clint is hired to find the murderer of a cute black woman by her sister , another cute black woman . oh , and cbw # 2 plays the guilt card on clint , because he 's got his new ticker courtesy of cbw # 1 . so there 's a little bit of investigative work , a little but of huffin ' and a puffin ' , and finally clint discovers who the serial killer is who was responsible for his first ticker giving out and the murder of the donor of his second ticker . jeff daniels plays a doofus that lives next door to clint . what a stretch . special warning : clint takes off his shirt yet again in this film as he smooches on cbw # 2 . it must be in his contract or something . no one , and i mean , no one wants to see saggy clint with his shirt off . for a much , much better clint movie , go rent `` unforgiven ''
patton oswalt is funny and my two stars is not because of his performance . it 's because of comedy central mangling the dvd version.the show was originally broadcast on comedy central , and as such it was cut down to about 40 minutes so it could fill a one-hour time slot with commercials . the dvd has the original show , and then in the bonus section , it has `` deleted scenes , '' which are the parts of the full-length concert that were cut for time . so , you can watch the time-edited show , or you can watch the out-of-context segments that were taken out . but what you ca n't do , and what i have to think any chimpanzee able to use sign language would know you would want to do , is see the original full-length show in its entirety.so , cheers for patton , boos for cc . i wo n't be buying the dvd and that 's why .
man did i want to like this movie.hackman is the best and the possibility of finding a mid-70s gem was really tantalizing , but ... this film is really , really mediocre.first we have sub-plot city going on , bad mid life crisis stuff with susan clark and hackman `` trying to communicate '' about their failing relationship . it 's tough on hackmans character `` harry '' see 'cause he used to be an nfl player and now he 's reduced to being a private eye , she hates it , he does not want to give it up and everyone concerned gets a bad speech . do n't get me wrong , this is no `` megaforce '' , where the film is so bad it becomes campy and actually enjoyable.this is just ... mediocre . buy `` harper '' with paul newman instead
the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known hollywood cliche in film making.i applaud the effort.the chicks in this film are happening babes fo sho.but there ai n't much to the film but it has some fun to it
the kit was not worth its price . the spatial effect is poor . i 've been watching some much better 3d movies with much cheaper red-blue paper glasses . no , i do n't have visual problem , and i rigged up everything correctly.the dvds itself were not interesting . my kids were not impressed much . it were not made me happier with the pack.sorry this review seems against the others , but it is my truth . i 've stored it back into the box.i do n't recommend this for you
i could barely get through the ... um ... er ... reimagination ... of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's `` performance '' is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $ $ $
i was expecting more because of the history on these tapes/dvd 's . this one was disappointing as you do n't feel like you did a workout . i like the older ones better with tammy
i had higher expectations when i purchased this dvd.i was not disappointed technically but i was extremely disappointed with the acting as a whole and with the uneven singing of rachel york . she could n't seem to decide whether she wanted a pop , jazz , or traditional musical theatre sound . her voice was all over the place . furthermore , i found her character very annoying ... she was screechy and not at all vunerable . i preferred kathryn grayson 's performance in the movie as she managed to be vunerable , witty , and charming , as well as screechy , demanding , and somewhat tyrannical . truly , i could barely watch this entire video and at the end i could have cared less if fred and lilli got together . i think that was the most powerful statement for me.the production was acted ( or directed ) with a lot of mugging and so much of it was over the top . can today 's directors please leave something for the audience to think about and figure out themselves ? everything need not be a commentary ! i wish i had seen marin mazzie because i heard she was incredible . rent this before buying it or better yet do what i did and buy it used . it hardly cost anything and that is what is it worth
after enjoying `` cowboy bebop '' and `` samurai champloo '' , someone recommended checking out `` flcl '' aka `` fooly cooly . '' if you enjoyed those previous titles , i would suggest steering clear of this particular anime . the art is interesting enough but the story is simply lacking , the characters are completely and utterly undeveloped . it almost seems like they are making fun of you for watching their anime . this the second dvd of three and has 40 minutes of programming . i read somewhere that this was not even a real show and that they threw it together to test out new animation techniques -- if you 've seen all 6 episodes and are still wondering `` what the heck was that '' this does not seem to be untrue . please i strongly suggest you skip watching this program because it is , simply put , garbage .
the original csi series is fantastic because you figure out the crimes by finding the evidence . this series uses the csi name without the investigating that makes the original so good . it is mainly a mellow-drama surrounding the lives of the characters . some people will like the drama the writers have put togethor , but there 's no mystery
you know , i actually enjoyed the first mummy . it was funny , the idea , not often seen in modern films , was good , and the characters were each , in their own way , entertaining to watch.why , god , why did they have to go and make a sequel ? i do n't understand . was it for the money ? ? ? i 'm not sure when exactly i began to hate this ; maybe it was somewhere in between the horrible and almost nonexistent plotline and the stupidity of the main characters making the same mistake again . really , you 'd think after the first time they accidentally woke a mummy from it 's thousand-year rest they 'd learn their lesson . but oh , no ; the first time was n't enough . and , also , the whole having a kid thing , did n't seem to work . the relationship between the characters was n't the same anymore . i hate it when they do that in movies : make sequels and give the once-cool , main characters children . nothing against it , just felt wrong for this movie . throughout most of this movie , i felt stupid , and i do n't like for things to make me feel that way . i also felt embarrassed to have actually paid for my tickets at the theater . maybe it 's just me ; i just did n't like it.question of the day for american cinema : what 's the deal with being obsessed with sequels ? ? ? ? ? come on , the first was good enough.you know what the worst thing is ? -i was actually looking forward to seeing this
this movie creeped me out and not in a good way . johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross . maybe it 's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face . could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10 $ wig and 5 $ clown makup on him ! i love tim burton 's other movies but this one sucked bigtime ! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from . this movie is childish if you 're an adult and pales compared to the original . if you 're a kid it 's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking `` auntie zoe , what does that mean ? '' when are screenwriters going to figure it out ? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie ! ! ! it 's really hard to do both in the same film . it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids , they end up appealing to nobody ! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version . i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing . it 's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters . the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones . the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton , if you are not a fan of either , do n't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo !
this movie was quite honestly one of the worst movies i have ever seen . as a huge colin firth fan originally from a small town in vermont , i thought that no matter what i had heard about the film i would enjoy it . unfortunately , i was wrong . the main problem of the film was characterization . there were oftentimes no motivations or explanations whatsoever for the character 's actions . one minute , the small town girl played by heather graham is working at a nursing home , then she 's downing alcohol , then she 's jumping around naked for absolutely no apparent reason ( in fact , she does n't even seem drunk ) , and all this entices the character colin firth to jump into bed with her . i think the heather graham character is supposed to be quirky , but because of the script and the way the film is cut , she comes off as schitsophrenic and unlikable . then suddenly they are in a serious relationship which colin dives into wholeheartedly even though he is supposed to be recovering from a breakup with his fiance ( and this is no rebound relationship ) . basically , the movie continues along this vein , with minnie driver showing up as the dark-haired british ex-fiance who you ca n't see ever having had a relationship with colin ( both actors are better in the much superior movie circle of friends ) . in any case , there are many more unexplained actions and wierd breakups/get back togethers before the movie thankfully ends . additionally , the setting is completely misused , beginning with the sign that says more than 18,000 people live in hope . in new england , that does not classify as a small town . they could have used the autumn setting and american-ness of the people as restorative to the colin character . the suggestion of that is there , but it is never demonstrated - instead , they go to a spot that is supposed to be nice and the heather graham character downs a bottle of booze , and colin firth 's character has no real explanation or feeling in his portraits of the town 's people . although the hotel owners are fun , if unrealistic , the mayor has been written as if he were a cartoon character . finally , i do n't neccessarily blame the actors for this awful movie , with the wierd cutting , it may have seemed like a good idea at the time . i think colin firth does his best at being an ambigious , but still likeable guy . heather graham , aside from not coming off as a small town girl at all , has absolutely nothing to work with , so you ca n't even blame her for the horrendous character she has . and everyone else , including minnie driver , is a complete caricature , although minnie driver incites some of the few amusing moments in the film . i feel bad to judge this movie so harshly , but it is unneccessarily bad , and i had been hoping for something at least fun . these actors all have much better movies out there .
ok , i 'm a scifi fan . i read the scifi reviews and thought this was really a movie for me , and it really was good right up to the end . just one problem , they forgot to write the end . what happened ? did they run out of money ? did the writer write himself into a corner ? there was no climax , conclusion , or resolution . you can argue till you are blue in the face about `` pan & scan . '' i prefer movies with an ending . if you are looking for a great unfinished story , this one is for you
seeing what 's become of the rock and roll legends i remember from when we were much younger , i found very depressing . i 'd rather remember them the way they were 40 yrs ago . even jerry lee looked like he was ready for the nursing home
i would often rush to see all arnold schwarzenegger films , i adore his bad acting `` it must be the muscles '' i was 10 year old and he was the bomb now his movies now gives me a pain in my stomach and i start to twitch , i ca n't believe how terrible an actor this man was `` is '' and all the money he made doing these unrealistic bull crap , wow ! talk about the american dream , i admit there are some of his movies i would have to rate a classic but however this one really sucks maybe it was the time , trend , maybe the era , but i have come a long way and this guy is a difinite no ! no ! for me , this movie had it 's moments ! for a 8 year old maybe ! for an adult you have to have a strong stomach , you i would never say this about bruce willis mybe i am a hypocrite or maybe he just an good actor duh ! i could n't care less do with this what you will i wo n't recommend it later folks
the problem with this film is i read the book . i was disappointed simply because ` be cool ' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent . the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example . somewhere the bulk of the story was lost -- and there are some very -- very good characters appearing in the film that would 've been more intersing if somebody would 've said , `` hey , do n't forget the book ! '' but being true to the original source is not hollywood 's strong suit . `` be cool '' provides some popular music , some known faces , but without john travolta , the movie would never have been made . a few laughs are provided . a couple ironic scenes show up , but there 's too little to sustain a full-length feature . basically , the project is a disservice to everyone involved . some of the characters are so thin -- face it -- poor christina milian as linda moon , is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings -- a clichï¿½ . the rock does the best he can but again , ` he 's a gay bodyguard ; ' he 's the brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji , his boss [ vince vaughn ] , who , in the book , is far more sinister -- but in the film he 's an idiot . of course chili is chili . travolta does a very nice job , and chili 's obviously the smartest guy in the room . uma thruman 's performance is , well , not funny -- not serious , not intense -- not much -- at best , she made me shrug . i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr , but there 's just not enough , and all the negatives reflect completely on the director . enough said there.my advice , watch ` get shorty'again , or read ` be cool . '
unable to see the movie . received the original shipment , and later a replacement , and both had the same defects and we were unable to watch the movie
jennifer jason ... can someone puhleeze tell me why she always plays the same role ! and why all of her characters have seriously bad elocution ! the so called ~bostonish ... or upper crust -- east coast accent does not include..slurring your words as if a consonant was too much work . it as if her upper lip is never engaged at all..not even to smirk ! does she have a botox complex..use your face..including your upper lip ... but then again ... maybe she was acting just like dorothy parker..who ahem..happens to be dead.. ! ( no disrespect intended.. ) jennifer beals played her little tiny wee part with so much more depth and nuance..why did n't she play parker..i believed her character ! gwyneth..love her.. ! bit part..but she added a much needed warmth to the film..i cared for one character..and the best part was his bit giving a financial report..i thought that was brilliant.. ! bravo..but mr. benchley was the most endearing and 3 dimensional character..thank you..will someone please make this film over..and do it right.. ! and do n't just call up your buds..for a tupperware party and say..hey..lets make a movie.. ! dorothy parker deserves much much better..i ca n't even imagine the biting remarks she would print..how about.. 'it 's all about me..and i hated it.. ! but the costumes were nice..
this is possibly one of the worst films i have ever seen . the writing and acting , as far as i am concerned , are no better than that of a middle school live performance . the only reason i did n't turn it off was that i was hoping something in the movie might help me justify spending $ 10 to buy it used . that something never came . i would never waste my time on this movie when there are others on this topic that so richly deserve my viewing time investment , such as `` schindler 's list '' & `` the pianist '' . trust me , pass it up just as fast as you can
well , this was about as formulaically politically correct as a movie can get , unfortunately : the female teenage protagonist ( played by witherspoon , whose acting powers have increased dramatically since her stilted acting here ) acts masculine and heroic , the male teenage protagonist acts craven and flippant . at one ridiculous point , the girl runs around acting like a commando , a veritable one-gal army , blowing up the bad guys , while the boy hides in a cave sniveling . later , when the boy tries to assert himself by offering to carry the gal 's backpack as they cross a desert , the gal snaps at him , bella abzug-style , and walks quickly ahead , leaving him in the dust . clearly a modern radical feminist thing going on here , and what is most unfortunate is that this movie was made for a young audience and therefore is in keeping with the modern radical feminist propaganda which is brainwashing young women into unnaturally behaving like men . of course , in the real world , the result for such manly girls , once they become women , is that men do not choose them and they remain alone , and therefore become bitter -- ironically and inevitably blaming men , of course . in this movie , the wimpy teenage guy falls for the brassy , masculine gal -- but that 's why they call them movies . when are these post-modern writers , artists , and other culture-shapers with an agenda going to realize that when they tout modern radical feminism , they are touting something unnatural -- men simply do not prefer masculine females . men want someone to complement them , not compete with them . men crave femininity in females , not feminism . wow , is there ever a difference in those two forms of comportment ! this poor teenage guy depicted in this movie , at least his character does progress a little bit : by the end of the movie , instead of craven and flippant , he graduates to something akin to a metrosexual-type with a wild-boy haircut , if that is even a step upward . but the plucky gal -- she 's still the one in charge in this fictitious world of upside-down gender relations.uh , another problem with this movie -- and there are many -- is when the kids are going through the kalahari desert , something which should be , and for a time is here depicted as , a foreboding and life-threatening task . yet we see witherspoon in this desert frolicking with a dog ; and we see the boy 's flippancy and joviality emerge in a totally out-of-place manner , considering the dire situation they are in . the sense of urgency which had been built up is totally excreted away by these light-hearted , inane scenes.look , i dig disney kid movies -- more realistic ones . you know , old style disney movies . you take `` old yeller '' for example . now there was a quality kid movie , and quite true to life . this movie was not . it had a plastic , spoiled-american-materialistic-teenybopper feel throughout . disney has gone down the tubes . in any number of ways , they 've been subverted by radical marxist agendas ( note : one more of these was the fact that an african bushman was allowed to evince a pagan ritual from his pc pagan religion -- something called `` tapping , '' while the caucasians were of course not shown evincing any sign of their un-pc judeo-christian religion -- this is bias , folks , leftwing , pc bias , same as the aforementioned feminist bilge ) . i am learning to run , not walk , away from disney stuff , and this movie was further cause for me to do so .
unlike many of the reviewers here , i 'm not a biblical expert and really do n't care if the movie adheres to the stories as they are portrayed in the bible . i would just judge the movie based on its entertainment value and ability to engage me emotionally.the biggest problem with this movie was that it simply seemed to be too long and drawn out . there were also some scenes that felt like padding and added nothing to the story ( and in some cases detracted from it ) . for instance , during the long voyage while the earth was covered by water , everyone goes a bit crazy . that 's an acceptable premise but it 's played out theatrically for far too long and in a variety of embarrassing scenes for the actors . the idea that they suffered madness was fine to introduce but it should n't have taken up so much time nor been quite so adbsurdly plotted out like a little play.there were also a couple of ridiculous encounters on the water ( between lot acting as a pirate and a merchant who sold them various trinkets for water ) which undermined the entire story of the great flood . everyone was supposed to have perished in the flood and it was a bit absurd that a few would be sailing the high seas on little boats . it was just plain silly and , again , seemed to be put in just to pad the story or add unnecessary `` spice '' ( it did n't work as a means of jazzing up the story ) .i 'm guessing the writers felt the time on the water had to be long to show how noah and his family suffered or had their faith tested but they also felt it had to be more interesting than just lounging on the boat and taking care of the animals . this type of insecurity with telling a story in the most effective way is what causes so many productions to go bad.to the movie 's credit , the actors are quite good and there are some good moments but too much of the movie does n't work .
i read all 33 of the other reviews here to get other perspectives - a lively debate . there were so many brilliant things said about the film , that i found myself passing out `` helpful '' votes ( to both positive & blisteringly negative reviews ) like they were candy . the movie is an evocative work of art . i encourage people to read all the reviews if they want to enjoy the movie from many different points of view . i agree with many of the positive and negative comments that have been made by other reviewers , but i will limit my comments to items not previously mentioned.the dvd cover gives the false impression that this is a love story about two young lovers , a sort of `` blue lagoon '' from the renaissance . it is not . it is misleading.i concede a ) the story is probably not historically accurate , b ) statutory rape occurred and probably rape under any definition , & c ) tossi was probably inconsiderate , conceited , and immoral . but the quality of a film is not judged solely on historical accuracy and the high morality of the characters . having said that , i do object that the movie , according to the rape trial transcript and some of the best evidence available , is not just inaccurate , but oppositional to what probably occurred . therefore , i critique the film for portraying itself as the story of a real person . the movie stumbles internally because it tries to justify actual historical effects with fictional ( or incorrect ) causal factors . and those cause-effect relationships do n't seem to ring true.having said that , i agree with some of richard burt 's review comments that `` historical accuracy '' may still be subject to interpretation . it is reasonable that artemisia may have been more adversarial speaking in a public rape trial ( defending her freedom and reputation ) than she might have been with tassi personally . and it seems too easy to just paint tassi as a purely evil character as other reviewers have done . there is usually more complexity and diverse/conflicting interests in most people , especially artists.one strong objection - near the end of the film , artemisia says , `` no one dies of sorrow . '' while there is probably some intended sarcasm in the comment , the line frustrated me . people do die of sorrow . my limited experience has suggested that some of the smartest , most sensitive , artistic , and caring people i 've encountered were the same people most threatened by sorrow . and the people i have admired the most are the same people who have been mortally threatened by sorrow . not selfish , controlling , or passive-aggressive sorrow , but rather sorrow that comes from other less obvious motivations - often unidentified & misunderstood misconceptions . sorrow can lead to literal death and deaths of the spirit , character , the soul , & creativity . sorrow is not incidental . sorrow can destroy health . or as the angel of america in `` angels in america '' says , `` the body is the garden of the soul . '' sorrow is worth full attention.the movie tries to examine the effect of artemisia 's loyalties to her father and her teacher . the screenwriter is not bent on us assessing those relationships as simply `` good '' or `` bad '' ; both relationships are drawn as having both good or bad effects on artemesia . her loyalties encourage her artistry and her expression . they work to create an environment that does not inhibit or conceal her gifts . at the same time , they are so intrusive that they almost certainly affect her choices , privacy , and pacing beyond her desired level of influence.artemisia realizes she would probably not be the painter she becomes except for her father 's drive and design . at the same time , she also laments that his constant intervention narrowed the occupations she could participate in - in polite society.may your loyalties encourage seeking and speaking the best personal truths you can find . and may the best personal truths you can find shape your loyalties.compare caravaggio 's `` judith beheading holofernes '' to artemisia 's version of the same painting . her version is more violent , realistic ( less idealized in posing , dirtiness , lighting , etc . ) . her version has the female servant actively helping judith . artemisia 's paintings show a palpable understanding of hate , violence , sexuality & compassion . artemisia likely became expressive of the personal feelings and experiences she knew best . that 's why people care about whether a movie about her life characterizes her experiences accurately - because we want to know what led her to her creative decisions
this movie is just terrible ; even more than most of the predictably terrible films in this genre . women with terrible haircuts , dirty homes filled with poor taste in furniture , jobs a 16 year old would have - or no jobs at all , awkward behavior , barely able to function socially ... uh+gh ! the truth is , there are gay women out there who look great , have beautiful homes , have very progressive and meaningful careers , have talent and are entertaining and sexy . who says this is representative ? ? not in my world it is n't . i am so sick of these painful displays of us . anyone who gave it over 2 stars is childishly defending the genre in general , and not talking about this stinker of a film . the filming is poor , the sound is dull ... do n't waste your time .
well folks , looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here . ( `` crash '' comes close , but that film has a lot more detractors than this one , and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined , somehow , that it would `` change the world '' . ) my beefs are not the same as most of those who do n't like the film : i do n't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse , nor do i find it overly depressing . fact is , it is n't depressing at all cause i did n't care . it 's just boring and annoying , sometimes at different moments , sometimes simultaneously . this not a good combination.all right , here 's a plot summary : jared leto , marlon wayans , jennifer connelly and ellen burstyn all do drugs , and this really messes up their lives . i hate to give it all away like that , but there it is . the fundamental flaw is this : i do n't like any of these people , so their pain does n't mean anything , and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect . maybe if aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would 've worked , but now there just is n't anything there . as far as what 's actually in the movie , we 've got jared leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend jennifer connelly , who wants to be a fashion designer , or something . beyond this we 've got jared 's mother , ellen burstyn , who is a weird old woman and marlon wayans as leto 's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues . i particularly love how there 's no real attempt to make wayans into a person . he 's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that 's it . the doubly sad fact is that he 's the most likable of the three . he at least displays a little life . connelly and leto apparently just wandered here from a bergman film and are so dull and slow that it 's a wonder that the smack does n't cause them to cease to exist entirely . ( well , connelly actually does coke , i think , but it fails to liven her up any . also , i actually *like* the bergman films i 've seen , so that 's not really a fair comparison . ) they love each other , apparently , but since i do n't even like either of them i 'm not much interested . finally , burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end . perhaps it would n't have been funny if i cared about her , but we 've been over that ... and i want you people to know that i 'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies . i can care about the characters , but none of these people did anything for me , so the movie 's dead in the water . for good counter examples watch `` trainspotting '' , which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and `` bubba ho-tep '' , a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it . on the other hand , neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as `` requiem for a dream '' , so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego . still , if that 's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose . `` requiem for a dream '' is n't helped any by darren aronofsky 's repetitive , derivative over-direction . the trouble is , this movie has n't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is . there 's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics , but they 're hopelessly driven in to the ground , as we see fast-motion a thousand times , quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk , and they are , again , impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ai n't drawing me in . i imagine that the overdone , repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use , but that does n't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch . the score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over . truth be told , i thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half , but then it really started to grate on me . it became evident that no , aronofsky was n't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no , these characters were n't going to get any more interesting . i looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film , and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective . it was kind of uplifting , really : now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom i can go do something else . now that 's a good ending.grade : d+ ps this is 500 reviews . i doubt if i will write 500 more , but who knows
might be a good video ... it just does n't interest our 10 month old yet like baby einstein does
i have seen many pathetic films in my life . this topped them . did i rate one star ? sorry- i meant negative 11 stars . it was the absolute worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life . it was a total waste of three hours when i could have been sleeping . there was no point . the script and storyline were pathetic . the gore was overdone- too much blood , killing , and the like . it was totally historically inaccurate , and the civil war scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable . all civil war veterans are rolling over in their graves . any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic . one of the abolsute bombs was when clint eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time . and somehow , without even aiming the canon , he knocks his 'friend ' off his horse . the movie is a failure . f-a-i-l-u-r-e. crappy . junky . just plain dumb . stupid . pathetic.i am not going to waste any more words on it . just ... .whatever you do ... .save your money . do n't buy it . it 's not worth 50 cents
i 'm not a mainstream beavis & butthead fan ... the fans that jumped on the bandwagon when they became popular . i was there from the beginning . where the hell is frog baseball and burger world . i want to see burger wars ! ! ! ! there was a time when beavis did n't even talk he just laughed ( heh , heh , heh ) . fire ... .fire ! ! ! i want season 1,2,3 . just release them as seasons ... .let us be the judge of what is good and what sucks . i want full episodes with videos included . every tv show is like this on dvd . why is this one different ? ! demand full episodes and full seasons ! ! !
love the movie , but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch . the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up . if you do n't want to be disappointed and feel like you 've been ripped off , wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
i 'm sorry , but this movie is clearly nothing more than and overdramaticized and historically inaccurate retelling of the story much more riotiously and enjoyably portrayed in the film `` dick . '' `` dick '' is funny , this is not . i 'm sorry , but dustin hoffman simply does not have the acting chops to stand up to someone like kirsten dunst ( or that level of indefatigable cuteness ) .just go rent `` dick '' instead . you 'll thank me , yourself , and those fine ladies who saved our country
i ordered this dvd series because i liked kristy alleys performance in other movies and series . but this is totally different . a lot of bad language is used and a very adultrous lifestyle is promoted . after viewing two episodes i put it in the trash . watching this does not make me happy
die hard fans of writer-director david cronenberg may find funny dialogue and grotesquely engrossing scenes in this sci-fi horror tale . that accounts for so many 5 star ratings by other reviewers . that was not my reaction to this film . it was slow , uninteresting and the ending was a disappointment . i give it only 2 stars.the characters stumble through a virtual role playing game and pretend they are ... gamers . duh . cronenberg needs more than ideas for his next film , he needs a good script and actors who are more suited for their roles . william defoe is completely miscast as a gas station attendant . jennifer jason leigh 's wardrobe looks like retro-1980 's . jude law does well except for a couple of unexplained accent changes . beware of the tag line that says existenz `` makes the matrix look like child 's play . '' this film is no where near the caliber of the matrix . if you are not a cronenberg fan , i recommend that you pass on this dull film
when i 1st watched requiem from the darkness i had high hopes for an anime show i heard that could actually by scary . to my dissappointment this show was not scary at all but a mockery of anything that is anime . this show has good animation is some spots with some deformed shapes of people . the strengths of the show however primarily rely on its soundtrack which is above average but nothing amazing . also the last straw with this show was the horrible depictions of people being graphically murdered . this show is disgusting because of these potrayals a brothers murdering each/husband killing wife after wife/a man who enjoys murder/and very very intense sexual situations of insects and once again family members murdering each other . i recommend this show to no one and i believe geneon has made a mistake licensing it . if you do n't heed my review then you have wasted your money on a dvd not worth a penny ( i would n't take it for free )
i was a bit disappointed in this tape . the workouts are too easy . i had mastered abs of steel i and was looking for abs of steel 2 . i could n't find it so i bought this one but its too easy . i found a used abs of steel 2 and i like it much better
i hate to trash on an american classic ... but this was truly horrible . i thought my son would like this due to the flying car . it took hours of torture to get to that scene . horrible , horrible film . mindless , drawn-out banter , and weak story line . our copy eventually broke ( stepped on ? ) -- - we felt sooo lucky to have it gone . `` one star '' seems like a generous rating
this movie is so bad . it is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real problems . the only people who like this movie are the ones who wished they were the main character , a pea brained airheaded ditz who has no redeeming qualities . the movie tries hard to invent new `` teen speak '' with tons of lame catch phrases that unfortunately caught on with some unpopular kids who liked the movie so much , they tried to sound like the shallow empty headed spoiled main characters even though most of the movie 's fans live the life nowhere close to cher 's and look nothing like her but they want to pretend . the movie hits you with these lame catch phrases every 15 seconds , desprate to beat you over the head with them . in the movie , the main character , cher thinks she is too good for the boys in her high school but then she ends up with someone who is pratically a relative to her . nasty ! she is really arrogant for someone whose realtionship should be jerry springer . she 's supposed to be a posh valley girl but at the end , she 's like ella may clampet going after jethro when all her resources for finding a man runs out .
this is a surprisingly poor movie . although it has some well-known actors , and a notable director , the material was just presented badly and predictably - like a lousy late night tv-movie with profanity inserted to liven it up.the movie makes a simplified joke of the legal system and its sterotypical failings ( though legitimate in many cases ) . it also glosses over the grieving process of the family , ignores the normal safety warnings to the remaining child , overdoes kiefer sutherland 's character flaws ( which are considerable nevertheless ) , and generally oversimplifies everything into a neat package to which you already know the ending because of the spoiler title.in one particularly-bad scene , after taking martial arts classes and other measures to prepare herself mentally and physically , sally 's character simply stares open-mouthed and dumbfounded at keifer 's character when they meet on the street and he talks to her.i do n't know what i missed that the 4- and 5-star reviewers like so much . i only see wide-spread mediocrity.i would only recommend this for fans of keifer . `` ssssssorry '' , sally , not your best role or movie . ditto ed harris , whose other movies i generally like .
this movie was the most disappointing piece of garbage i have ever seen . aniston 's character goes through hell to see this guy wake up and when he finally does and shows her that he is ready to give her what she has been wanting she up and rejects him . that is total nonsense . i expected them to get back together in the end . real people do not behave like this . or maybe they do ... it would go a long way in explaining the suicide rate in this country
i must be missing something , i bought this movie ... when i watched it i fell asleep , its boring as hell trust me im a true horror fan and a gore-fiend , this movie was nothing , the only gore was when this guy cut some lady in the heart and it looked so fake ... . the only scary part was the end with this witch , is everyone high but me ? this movie sucked ! boring as hell.. 2 stars
i had heard a lot about how funny margaret cho was , and finally got a chance to watch her video . i find her way overrated.she does have some funny stuff . she 's got a particular knack for doing impressions , and there 's some other genuinely funny material.however , the funny stuff was diluted by the greater volume of material that was clearly just pandering to the audience . she does a lot of vulgar material , homosexual-oriented jokes , etc . that are clearly just there for the `` outlaw '' value . and she often descends in to abject preaching on topics that seem to either just be things that she 's personally bitter about or are designed to ingratiate her to her fan base . it 's just ... not funny .
as the other reviewers make clear , this is a disturbing film in that the college girl forced into prostitution ends up by developing feelings for the man who `` ruined '' her . so you may immediately assume that the director has a deeper comment to make beyond this trite observation.problem is , having just watched the movie , i am not convinced there is anything below the surface . prostitution is a fact of life in asian cities , the theme of women overcome by their desires and in thrall to strong men a common one , and i searched in vain for any subversion of or challenge to that fantasy ( as fantasy it is ) .is this any more than a homage to the inutility of futility ? not that i can see
obviously , the music featured here is of high-quality . hardly sign of the times transcendent , but nonetheless very exciting ( as was typical of prince 's 2002 tour ) . unfortunately the director does his/her upmost to ruin everything for you with sub-bootleg grainy picture quality and warped sound , hamfisted camera angle switches , bizarre washed-out colors , some horribly cheesy effects and cuts . for a band featuring nothing but incredibly dextrous musicians who play with an enormous level of detail and complexity , it 's a shame the director clearly has n't the faintest idea how to shoot a concert let alone one featuring musicians of this caliber . hey prince , just so you know ... .your diy `` npgmc '' approach is only impressive if with it you can match what you 'd been able to do had you still had the financial might of a major behind you . if it looks this amateurish then you just look , well ... amateurish . and your talents are not worthy of anything even close to amateur-level presentation . the bootleggers you despise so much put far greater care into the stuff they put out than you obviously could be bothered to do with this . i mean really , you re-shot sign of the times in its entirety at paisley park after the rotterdam/antwerp footage was not up to par : i find it hard to believe that original footage was any worse than this . hardcore prince fans such as myself will want it despite this , but casual fans ( especially those not familiar with the more obscure prince material that makes up most of this concert ) should definitely avoid .
alyssa milano 's mother ( who is also her manager ) has made a crusade of tracking down nudie pics of her daughter on the internet . she 's denounced such websites ' `` exploitation '' on national tv , and has even developed a side business as a cybercop , lending her web-busting skills to other stars . milano 's mother/manager could have saved herself the trouble had she instead steered her daughter away from doing this film.embrace of the vampire is softcore horror porn , and the source for many of those milano skin pics . after tv 's who 's the boss was canceled ( but before charmed returned milano to star status ) milano was just another unemployed former child actress , so maybe this porn film seemed like a good career move at the time . milano has stated in interviews that she wanted to demonstrate that she was not the goody-two-shoes girl she 'd played in who 's the boss . in other words , she wanted to `` grow '' as an actress . so she did embrace of the vampire , in which she goes topless in several scenes , engages in a lesbian romp with charlotte lewis , and participates in orgies with characters tonguing various parts of her nude body.mission accomplished.actually , embrace of the vampire uses milano 's virginal image from who 's the boss by casting her as ... a virgin . a virgin whose boobs are straining against her too-tight blouse and who undresses before her boyfriend ( albeit asking him not to look ) , but still , a virgin . a virgin who dreams of orgies and fondles lesbians and does n't know why.here 's why : milano is the reincarnation of martin kemp 's true love . some 300 years ago , a pack of scantily clad vampresses turned kemp into a vampire during a blood orgy . now that he 's rediscovered milano , he has three nights to rekindle her love for him . if so , they will live forever as vampires . if not , he dies and loses her forever.why the sudden three-night deadline ? why not.the plot and motivations are paper thin , as is typical of porn . milano wanders around campus , wondering why she 's having so many sexual dreams , even daydreams . her boyfriend wanders about , wondering if she 's so pure . kemp wanders about , seen by milano but often not by others . lewis wanders about for some bisexual action . other collegiates wander about their parties and campus back alleys for some hetero action . amid all this wandering there 's much carnal action , and more carnal dreaming . occasionally , kemp kills someone for dissing milano . john stanley ( in his creature features movie guide ) correctly refers to it as a `` meandering , almost formless script . `` kemp has the best lines . like many vampires , he agonizes and suffers a hyper-romantic vampire angst over a lost love . his appearance is a touch effeminate ( too much eyeliner ) , but it lends an appropriate sinister element to his character . he is part romantic vampire , part bloodthirsty beast . lewis 's small part is pointless to the `` story . '' all that 's required is that she undress , and when she does , it was worth the wait . rachel true ( the craft ) has an even smaller role , the fate of all the characters who keep their clothes on.all of the above three are more interesting , more charismatic , than milano or her boyfriend . at film 's end , kemp 's tearful bloodthirsty angst , and milano 's tearful rediscovery of her love , the `` tragic '' star-crossed ending , and the christian iconography , all mirror coppola 's bram stoker 's dracula ( 1992 ) . one senses that director goursaud was trying to rise above her porn material.however , this is no poor woman 's bram stoker 's dracula . milano is no winona ryder and kemp is no gary oldman . for that matter , none of the other talent on this film compare to their counterparts . and the budget just is n't there . the strength of low-budget horror is a gritty authenticity , which this film tries to hide rather than utilize.how low was the budget ? listen , i was an extra on both bram stoker 's dracula and embrace of the vampire . ( in both instances , i kept my clothes on . ) i worked one day on embrace of the vampire . do n't look for me , i ended up on the cutting room floor , and extras are rarely mentioned in credits . but let me tell you an `` inside story '' on the making of this film : we were shooting in a nightclub on the sunset strip . the extras were divided into three camps : union , nonunion , and modesto extras . union extras earn the most , especially once overtime kicks in , so they were wrapped after eight hours ( they were only hired in the first place to fill a union quota ) . this was during my nonunion days ( i 'm in sag now ) , so i put in a full 14 hours , after which we were paid in cash and wrapped . the modesto extras were still working when we left.now what , you may ask , is a modesto extra ? i also wondered , and so i asked one . i was told they were from an acting class in modesto , california . they had been bussed in to work on the film as part of a `` class assignment . '' in other words , they were paying to come to work.there 's not a whole lot to learn about being an extra . it 's neither glamourous nor difficult . and nonunion extra jobs for twentysomethings are very easy to come by . the lampposts in los angeles are covered with flyers seeking cattle , ehr , extras . i did it for the cash , and because if you do it often enough , you increase your chances of getting into the union ( which i did , after some 13 grueling months ) .never pay for the `` chance '' to be an extra , not in los angeles . i made the mistake of volunteering to be an extra a few times , but wised up after a few months . my guess is the producers of embrace of the vampire paid this acting teacher to bus down some cattle , and far less than even nonunion extras cost . i know this teacher was getting paid by the students , and that they were not getting paid to be on the film.another inside story : someone stole a silver pin belonging to a crew member . she was near tears because it had sentimental value . never leave anything of value lying around on a set.and some trivia : john stanley says this film was `` originally conceived as the nosferatu diaries , '' but on the set , we were told the working title was the collector.embrace of the vampire is a decent time-killer ... barely . if you 're looking for horror , there are hundreds of better films . dozens of better vampire films . even many superior erotic vampire films -- vampyres ( british , 1975 ) comes to mind.but if you 're looking for milano nudies , this is the film to see .
i watched this movie , not because i am into ms. milano , or her breasts , but because it was shot ( sadly ) at my high school -- shattuck-st. mary 's school in faribault , mn . does n't say much for the school , or for the faculty who had bit parts in it .
this was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film i kept looking at my watch , the film is not a historical drama nor is it an autobiographical film about william shakespreare infact it is a romantic comedy disguised as a historical drama . my girlfriend insisted that we watch this film together but i was n't in the mood she forced me to watch this , the film was about a struggling young writer shakespeare played by joseph fiennes who falls in love with lady viola played by gwyneth paltro who also happens to inspire his famous play romeo and juliet , this film also won a couple of oscars including gwyny for best actress but i felt like the film was just not that funny because all the characters seemed to talk in an old english style thats hard to understand . overall the film was just o.k . i think that some of the sets and costumes were fantastic and judi dench was great as queen elizabeth but i never want to watch this film again , if your a shakspeare fan and like romantic comedies then you might like this film more than i did .
warner bros is putting out a series of `` signature collections '' . they are nothing of the sort . they are studio collections . the word signature implies the best of the best . a signature collection of hitch 's work would not include several of these titles . the rarely seen foreign correspondent and i confess . the failed comedy mr. & mrs. smith . the experimental dial m for murder and the wrong man . the middling stage fright . only strangers on a train and north by northwest are signature hitchcock . where are psycho , vertigo , the birds , rear window , notorious , shadow of a doubt , rebecca , the 39 steps , the lady vanishes and , purhaps even , the lodger ? a signature collection would include all or most of these titles with north by northwest and strangers on a train . of course this would oblidge the different studios to cooperate with each other . god forbid . warner bros is developing a reputation for shortchanging and lying to its customers . you 're much better off buying your favorite hitchcock titles individually new or used
i watched this movie and it sucked , very slow.it might be a renter not a owner
sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . that 's what i was waiting for freeman to do all movie . it 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this sci-fi hippie flick . i 'm surprised that freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . keep your money say no to drugs !
there are just some trilogy 's that should not be made - and the wild things trilogy is one of them . this is not really a trilogy per se , since each of the films carries with it the same story , with the same twists . if you have seen the first , you have basically seen each of the sequels ... except the sequels are both much worse . take out the big name actors and make a direct-to-dvd release ... and you have wild things : diamonds in the rough.i am sure you all know the story by now , but here is a brief synopsis ... `` things get steamy in blue bay , florida , when marie , a 17-year-old beauty , gets caught in a tangle of deceit and double-crossing after meeting the promiscuous elena , the new girl at school . will they get away with the perfect crime or is someone else behind this scheme ? if you have seen one of the wild things films , you have seen them all . this film lacks the quality of the original - mainly because we already know the twists and turns to come . this disc does look great , and sounds pretty good , but the film takes away from the overall dvd presentation . if you want your wild things fix , the original version is the one to watch
i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout , i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it . it go 's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it , but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right . there are better ones out there than this , but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it
i found this movie to be almost unwatchable . if your idea of a good time is watching henry gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes , then this movie is for you . the three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it . altman can pull off such greats as `` mash '' and `` godsford park '' and then stink up the joint with this . what 's up with that
i rarely write reviews , but quoting ebert ( who inexplicably liked this ! ) : i hated this movie . 1 . is editor the correct term to apply to joe klotz ? i give him credit for making a move under 2 hours feeling like 4 . if you want to see a good slow paced movie watch l'aaventura . for a much better recent indie film about family life buy the squid and the wale . 2 . if the director hoped to elicit the sterotypical slow pace of southern life he succeeded too well . amy adams earned acclaim for playing yet another dumb , but sweet southerner ( see forrest gump , waterboy ) . i guess her performance reaffirmed what hollywood thinks of the south . notice all the glowing reviews come from people either from california or ny . does the intelligent southerner exist in the minds of studio execs ? 3 . i assume that people like this movie because of some form of self deception or masochism . i feel bad for the masochists , but not the pretentious pseudo-intellectuals who can conjure meaning from a film devoid of a plot or artistic merit . 4 . rent this first and be thankful you will only lose 2 hours of your life not $ 19.9
i just finished watching das boot . to even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous . where das boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war , u-571 is just more hollywood tripe.if you just want 'splosions and escapism , i guess u-571 does the trick.if you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come , go with das boot
i had high hopes for this series when i started watching it , though i guess the nonstop obscenities should have been the tip off that under all of that visual masterwork and spiritually stunning characterizations there lurked an twisted message that wasted ten hours of my life to discover . shandala is truly a wonderful character , pure and good , and the characterization of her is very tender , so by episode 21 or so the storyline actually looked like it could end hopeful and uplifting . oh , how wrong of me to think so , because for all of the philosophical and religious trappings , the message of `` hope '' the marketers promise is that the characters learn in the end that the villain 's demented plan to save the world is really more effective than their spiritualities and that the `` truth '' is that the emotional and physical torture and destruction of an innocent , good woman is the only way to save the world ! spare me . and if you think that i am disgusted by this message , just imagine what the muslims will think when they see what becomes of all of that quoting of the koran and the muslim character 's final opinions . although the story is technically good , i 'm only giving it one star for the message of despair .
this is a terrible movie . when it came out in 1956 it was a box office bomb even though both stars were at the height of their powers . time had only added to it 's mediocrity
this is not a good movie ! bad acting , story , and picture ! i was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man after dvd i had but alass it was not . pass on this one unless u have 2 have it
do n't buy the directors cut.badder santa is absolutely hysterical . for some strange reason the director decided to make a `` director 's cut '' that is a neutered version of `` badder santa '' .i bought it yesterday when it came out and the internal dialogue from billy bob in the first scene was missing . the celebration in the bar after the first mall `` heist '' , where billy bob proclaims he 's giving up drinking , was missing . the next scene where billy bob was stealing drinks from the bar on the beach and fights with the bartender was missing.that was enough for me . i immediately shut it off and best buy agreed to let me swap it for `` badder santa '' due to the false impression of a `` longer and fuller '' cut than it 's predecessor , as is the industry standard . i was duped . please buy `` badder santa '' instead . this is a watered down/walmart version of a classic , not an extended cut
the long long trailer is a good movie but too many girls is when lucy and desi were very young and thin but the movie too many girls is awful and forever darling is awful
i did n't watch millenium when it was on ten years ago , so i thought i 'd give it a try on dvd , as i 'm a big x-files fan . i watched two shows : `` the beginning and the end '' and `` the dogs '' . they were ridiculous and boring . i 'm done with millenium
brainwashing is not a good way to educate young people about the world around them . this is a blatant effort to wrench young children 's emotions and therefore their perspectives about the eeeevil effects of `` global warming '' by engaging their sympathies . the only plot is brainwashing , using penguins as the straw man . the penguin world is factually well documented if one is interested in teaching children about them . as a responsible parent , i would avoid this entirely .
maybe it 's just me , but i really do n't see the appeal of this movie . it 's an incredibly small production ( 3 actors comprise nearly the entire film ) , with very low production values . norman reedus gives by far the weakest performance as the hitchhiker , but alan rickman and polly walker are not at their finest , either . ( and i am an alan rickman fan just like anyone else who would even consider watching this movie . ) if you are an alan rickman fan , chances are you 've already seen your fair share of horrible and incomprehensible movies that leave you wondering why an accomplished actor would choose them . and dark harbor is just one more of these . do n't let the promise of a `` nude scene '' convince you to buy this movie - honestly , alan rickman is better appreciated with his clothes on . as far as the movie is concerned , the plot is unoriginal and not particularly engaging . it is a very dialogue-heavy film and the dialogue is not well-written enough to carry it off .
i bought this video based on the reviews and was so disappointed that i never got past the first 20 minutes . i am not a prude , but to use the f word in every sentene as an adjective , verb and however else it may be used was a complete turnoff . i put the video in my recycle box . maybe it had some substance , but i could not get past the first 20 minute
my boyfriend and i went to this movie we both hated it . it was really pathetic . perhaps the fact that we actually know men who are engineers and physicsts who are like this is part of it . yeah there are people who can not interact with women or people . it is pathetic . i would feel sorry for anywoman dating this man or any man like this because they lack confidence and are so hard to deal with . low self esteem . do you want to see a pathetic portion of the population yeah this is them there are actually people like this . perhaps it is funny , but just do not be around one of these people in reality . it is a painful reminder of how screwed up they are . not all men are virgins like this man , but some might as well be because they have no clue about women . they do not know how to open a door or hold a hand .
this movie would get 5 stars if it were not carressing with one hand - portraying the gospel of john beautifully through the movie - and slapping yahushua/jesusand serious scholars in the face with the other hand . the so-called `` scholarly '' comments , for example about how the gospel was written 200 years after the events , are by and largeintellectually dishonest and quite simplyinaccurate . even the lowliest of bible scholars , if honest , will realize this.it is very sad to see people making a buck off the bible , while trying to tearit down at the same time . the worst examples of scripture put downs are in the 3rddvd . i gave the movie to a relative without that add on
a style over substance celebration of the drag queen mentality - if you enjoy misogynist bitchy dialogue being delivered by pantomime women , this movie is for youelliot 's love of drag queens overshadows the rest of this flimsy , contrived and lame narrative - clealry it 's about getting as many shots as possble of drag queen costumes against the outback settingit 's alleged stance against homophobia and plea of acceptance of difference is trite and cringeworthyif anything , this film reinforces negative stereotypes of gay men as nasty effeminate queens who are not to be taken serioulsy.sadly it 's been embraced by the same pandering gay men who think drag queens are 'camp ' and therefore funny , indicative of how off the mark they are of what defines camp ( go read susan sontag boys ) and how low 'gay culture ' as plummeted.there are plentiful nasty jokes targeting female gentilia , and a secondary racist commentary about thai women 'entrapping ' aussie mentrashy and not in a good way . a must have for no brainer gay men .
the first was one of the best thrillers ever , with clever suspence , good characters , decent acting and awesome effects.this one is ... meh . why must you make a sequel to a huge success hit and turn the franchise into a straight-to-video series ? what 's the bloody point ? now there are some good parts . the rooms are pretty nice and the musice score is decent , but you know , that does n't even save it . this movie is a annoying , pointless and downright piece of crap that only kids can easily love . it is so un-intelligent it really makes you wan na puke.the characters are nothing but cardboard cut-outs . i do n't even know them well . all they do is scream , run around in the cube rooms and can not keep their mouths shut.i also really hate the effects in this one as well . they felt like they were over-used . there is even a scene where a guy gets cut into peices and look how badly done it was.the direction is ok , but when it comes to adding wierdness , it 's too much . i do n't understand the story , there 's a strange sex-scene which a cube movie does not need . cube is about suspence . this one is just about adding too much effects , a four-dimensional cube and trying to make itself look better than the first one . you do n't need that stuff . if you wanted to make a sequel better than the first , add something original , do n't take itself too seriously and make sure it stays true to the original . but no , you just had to add all this unoiriginal time crap and have alot of special effects taking over and even a sex scene which is not cool because if it 's a cube movie , you do n't need nudity.overall , if you wan na kill off some time by watching this crap , go ahead . i know you like watching people getting killed in unoriginal ways and watching sex scenes . if you 're a fan of cube , dont ' bother.acting : 3/10ugh , do n't get me started . these actors have bad acting skills and i hope they die.gore factor : 4/10cgi gore ? ! come on ! ? t & a : 1/10a cube movie does n't need nudity and they do n't know that because they do n't know cube.direction : 7/10andrzej sekula did have some visual eye in some parts . i did enjoy a few scenes and i dug the rooms , but you know , i ca n't say he 's a great director . he turned the franchise with straight-to-video written all over it.bottom line : if you wan na watch , go ahead , then you 'll be sorry.this movie is just sad . it does n't try anything to impress you because it 's idiotic . lets hope andrzej sekula learned his lesson and should never do a sequel to an impressive indipendent film again
for those of you looking for more eva action after seeing the original series take heed . do n't buy this dvd ! the death part of the dvd , part 1 , is nothing but a terrible rehashing of scenes from the regular season , and the second half , rebirth , part 2 , is new stuff , very good , but ! if you buy 'the end of evangelion ' you get rebirth and a much better and easier to understand ending to the whole series in completely new material . so , do n't buy 'death & rebirth ' . buy 'the end of evangelion ' instead
i was all geeked to watch this but was disapponted ... i do n't feel lke they picked the right person to direct this movie . it seemed very empty to me ! the fighting scenes were blah and that was what really blew it for me ... maybe if it was longer it would have been better ? i do n't know ... and then there was a mini plot with a brother and sister that seemed out of place ! ! sigh ... azumi was a much better martial arts sword movie
i admit that my expectations were totally wrong concerning this film . i was expecting a spanish reworking of noel coward 's famous play about the dead returning to humorously haunt the living . the advertising for volver in the local media certainly led me to have this expectation . maybe this is why i found this film to be so perplexing and disappointing . but even on it 's own terms i found volver a difficult movie to enjoy . others see a celebration of strong women . i see a movie about murder , incest , deceit and theft . every main character here is a criminal . raimunda , her mother , her daughter , all commit one crime or another , some truly monstrous . who is there to admire ? this is empowerment ? i 'm trying to avoid spoilers here but suffice to say there is not one truly likable character in this whole film.aside from the overall unpleasantness of the movie a director as experienced as almodovar should have produced a tighter work than this . there are numerous loose plot threads here . the whole subplot concerning the jerry springer-like tv show did n't really make any sense . the restaurant owner seems to like raimunda but nothing comes of this . in fact the whole restaurant subplot just peters out , with no resolution . when the movie ended my first thought was `` what , that 's it ? it 's over ? `` . people might say `` well , life has loose ends '' but this is a movie , not life . it should have an ending . i know i 'm definitely in the minority concerning volver . my wife thinks i 'm nuts for not liking this film but i really think the emperor has no clothes here
i think i understand what camp is . `` the damned '' is a film taking upon itself the allegorical rise and fall of nazi germany in such an overindulgent manner that one cringes and giggles at the same time . i guess gay folks everywhere can blame luchino visconti the `` great '' director for making a laughing stock out of homosexuals in nazi ss garb . mel brooks realized in his film `` the producers '' that nazi 's are damn funny , but not even brook 's vision could foresee the downfall of the essenbeck family as the currents of early nazi bloodshed swirls about . the uniforms are art deco at its worst . the young blonde , aryan , cross-dressers are a bathhouse dream until they 're lined up against the wall . rome may have had caligula , but the reich had blonde pedophiles . what a thrill to see helmut berger swishing about in marlene dietrich bodice and stockings . i watched the whole thing and i 'm going to end this review to take a shower
the transfer is real real bad , the story is also weird but its o
i 've always been a fan of roger moore 's james bond , but what i 've discovered in recent years is that only a couple of his bond movies were , like , actually good . `` the spy who loved me '' is not one of them . oh , sure , it 's fun -- almost all of the bond flicks are fun -- but it 's basically just a kid 's movie , and that 's not necessarily a good thing . ( 1 ) stromberg is a lame villain . yes , his underwater lair is well-designed , but it 's silly . not as silly as that ice palace in `` die another day , '' but pretty silly . ( 2 ) barbara bach is one of the very worst bond girls . she 's not an ugly woman , to be sure , but she was a terrible actress ; she sounds like she 's reading -- poorly -- from a cue card in ever single scene she 's in . ( 3 ) jaws is a stupid character . having metal teeth would n't actually make you capable of biting through metal . the metal you were biting would resist , and you 'd end up just tearing up your gums . i do n't expect realism from 007 movies , but i also expect them to not be outright idiotic . ( that said , jaws is effectively used , and richard kiel was excellent in the role . ) ( 4 ) the disco score is terrible . terrible . ( 5 ) the plot is nothing more than a rehash of `` you only live twice , '' but on the ocean rather than in space . certain elements of the big final shootout are even the same in both movies ! embarrassing.i love bond , but this is not one of the highlights.the dvd is good , with a couple of fine documentaries , but the commentary track grates , because the director and other commentators spend way too much time patting themselves on the back for the great job they supposedly did . even if that were true , it 'd be annoying
do not buy this item if you have any appreciation for video transfer . on many of the movies the sound and video quality is terrible . on several movies it looks like someone made the video transfer from videotaping the movies while watching them on television . do n't make the mistake i made . in hindsight , i would only purchase this collection if i found it in a dollar bin sale , which is most likely where these mill creek collections will be in a year or so .
this film does not come close to the quality of once upon a time in china . first of all , the plot is weak , it does not have the kind of power that the original of this series did . the characters in this film seem like they are out of a comic book , while the characters in the first film were interesting and complex . the kungfu is mostly unrealistic wirework , and while once upon a time in china had some of this , the emphasis was on realistic martial arts . in the original , the main characters were trying to resist the influence of the west which was destroying their culture , but in this version , the main characters are actually on the side of the westerners and they are fighting their own people ! there is no explanation of why wong fei hung and his crew would side with the people who were their enemies in the last film . one of the reasons the original film was so good , was because it was about brave chinese patriots trying to protect their culture , but in this film is seems as though they have switched sides
the crappiest dvd release ever ! video and audio quality sucks ! this is not a jet li movie . buyer 's beware ! i 'll give this a negative rating
while not one of his best novels , tommyknockers was much better than this waste of time ! jimmy smits does his best , but the underwritten screenplay does him and this movie about dead aliens and the thought control they have over a small new england town is just not worth the trouble ! ! skip it ! ! ! !
the story line was fair , but the t & a not so hot ... 2 star
this movie made no sense to me whatsoever . it was n't really funny and it was n't scary . the only thing that i got was that he killed zombies or `` returners '' as he called theme . and was upssed with one . i have to admit the female lead in the film was hot . but that was the only good thing in the film . it was also boring . but if you are into forgin fright films this is the movie for you
spongebob 's house partyhall moniteri had an accidentvalentine 's dayjust one bitemermaidman and barnacleboytea at the treedomethe paperborn again krab
i still have not received this dvd . it was ordered on 12/8/06 and was supposed to ship on 12/12/06 . i am very upset that it did not arrive as it was a christmas gift . i can not rate the product as i do n't have it . i sent an e-mail through amazon to jrmovies several days ago and have not heard from them . i would appreciate a response or a refund
i 'm not going to comment on the episodes because almost all of them can be found on the season 1 & 2 box sets , which is how you 're better off seeing them ( at least they 're in order and paired together with the proper companion episodes ) . instead i will be focusing on the bonus features . not the violent femmes music video , because that too can be found on the season 1 box set , but on the cast and crew interviews that make up the rest of the bonus features . i love the interviews and the `` in studio '' voice recording re-enactments , but i *hate* how every piece of this great footage is ruined because someone thought it would be a great idea to cover up almost the entire screen with a bubble graphic frame . you can only see the video through a small round part of the middle of your tv screen , and even then it is n't clear as there 's a bubble `` shine '' over it . i 'd love for paramount/nick to include all of the original , non-bubblefied footage on the season 3 box set , even though most of the episodes are for seasons 1 and 2
this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . i 'm not sure when this `` score '' was `` written '' , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition 's music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition .
**1/2when it was released in 1967 , `` guess who 's coming to dinner '' was acclaimed as a `` breakthrough '' film for its lighthearted , yet serious , depiction of an interracial romance . in the years since , society has moved so far in the direction of acceptance of so-called `` mixed marriages '' that any remake is bound to feel , at least to some extent , superfluous and anachronistic . and that is exactly the case with `` guess who , '' a 2005 update whose abbreviated title is only the first of the many changes the filmmakers have rung on the stanley kramer original.the screenwriters ' first alteration involves switching the race roles , so that it is now a black family having to accept a white male as a prospective in-law rather than the other way around . bernie mac assumes the spencer tracy role as the father whose world is turned upside down when his beloved daughter brings a caucasian boyfriend ( ashton kutcher as a white sidney poitier ) home to meet the family . on the distaff side , we have judith scott taking over for katherine hepburn as the understanding mother and zoe saldana replacing katherine houghton as the freethinking daughter.since interracial marriage is no longer the hot-button issue it once was , the filmmakers have been forced to inject a number of other non-race-related plot complications into the mix to develop and maintain the conflict and drama . thus , we have kutcher trying to hide the fact from both his fiance and her family that he has recently quit his high-paying job at a prestigious firm and that he may , in fact , be the target of a securities-and-exchange commission probe . indeed , with kutcher spending most of his time trying to win over his critical and overbearing future father-in-law , `` guess who '' feels more like a remake of `` meet the parents '' than of `` guess who 's coming to dinner . `` the real problem with `` guess who '' is that it rarely has the courage of its convictions . having decided to tackle a relatively dicey topic , the film too often drops the issue in favor of scenes that would n't pass muster even on a third-rate sitcom . for every scene that is incisive and daring - i.e . kutcher telling a series of black jokes at the family dinner table - there is another that is pure hollywood hokum ( mac and kutcher sleeping in the same bed together , mac and kutcher having a go-cart race to determine who has the higher testosterone level and the greater machismo , etc . ) . all of the performers are fine , especially mac and kutcher in the lead roles . however , they just haven ` t been given very sophisticated material to work with here . `` guess who '' might have been a better film had it aimed more for genuine , hard-edged satire and less for lowbrow slapstick and predictable romantic comedy sentimentality . still , it 's been 38 years since `` guess who 's coming to dinner '' first shocked the nation with its in-your-face defiance of miscegenation laws , and the world has since moved on to other issues of social injustice and marital definition . which is why , in the year 2005 , `` brokeback mountain '' was a breakthrough film and `` guess who '' was not
if there 's a worse movie than this i have n't seen it ! looks like it was made in a day . the quality is dark and muddy with choppy edits . sort of like it was copied from a vhs tape that was recorded in the 6 hour mode after it was played 6,000 times . the actors and actresses deliver their lines like they are playing aliens in a bad twilight zone episode . if you look hard enough you can see the guy holding the cue cards in the scenes . the musical performances are obscure little known doo wop flops ! ( except for frankie lymon ) . look ... ..i wasted $ 14.99 plus tax plus gas to `` run out '' and buy this bomb . the only possible way to save it would be to maybe dub it in swedish , send it to a greenwich village `` art house '' and pass it off as a foreign film . come to think of it ... .do n't bother to dub it ... ..the sound is so off it looks dubbed already ! important update ... ..please read this ! i later discovered after i wrote this review that there is some significant social redeeming value to this little gem of the 50 's . i understand that it is used constantly at the international institute for sleep disorders as the most preferred method of inducing a semi-comcious near sleep state for incurable insomniacs . and so as i write this update i 've been watching the flick again and i must admit ... ..i ... .. ( yawn ) oh excuse me ... where was i ... oh yes i must admit that i ... .. ( bigger yawn ) oh my goodness ... .i 'm so sorry ... .this is so rude of me ... . ( yawn ) but it seems like ... .. ( snoring ) ... .i ... . ( snoring ) i just ca n't seem to ( intense snoring ) ... ... ..
mortal kombat : annihilation is one of those films that is so bad that it actually hurts to watch it.from the nearly complete recast of almost all of the characters ( odd , considering that in interviews after the first movie , all of them said they 'd want/ be willing to come back for a sequel ) , to the horrible ( even by 1997 standards ) cg effects , to the cliched fight scenes ( gee ... two women in a mud pit . i bet it took them all night to come up with that one ) , virtually everything that could have gone wrong with this movie did go wrong with this movie.loosely based on the story of the mortal kombat 3 video game ( and set immediately after the first movie , which , while not great , looks like citizen kane compared to this stinkburger ) , the movie set about the lofty goal of depicting shao khan ( played by brian thompson , the alien bounty hunter from the x-files ) and his army ( shown in most scenes as a small band of extras . oooh ... scary . ) as they attempt to take over earth by merging it with the alternate dimension known as outworld . this merging of realms will result in the destruction of humanity.with only a week to do anything about it , lord raiden ( played by james remar , replacing the , and i ca n't believe i 'm saying this , much better christopher lambert in the role ) once again enlists the help of liu kang ( robin shou ) , sonia blade ( sandra hess ) , and princess kitana ( talisa soto ) , along with help from a select few other characters from the video games ' crowded lineup , to prevent this from happening.the story in and of itself is not necessarily bad . however , given the film 's obviously low budget the weak screenplay , the loss of most of the excellent cast from the first film , and most jarringly , direction even more inept than that of paul w.s . anderson , it quickly becomes clear that they set their sights too high , only to have practically everything come crashing down.the only saving grace of this film is its killer soundtrack , featuring an updated version of the theme created for the first movie , as well as music by kmfdm , megadeth , rammstein , juno reactor , and others.if ever you 're looking to punish yourself for something , then by all means watch this movie . however , if you actually like yourself and want to remain on good terms with yourself , you will avoid this movie like the plague . believe me , you 'll thank yourself later .
i watched the first half hour of this and could n't get through it . i dislike michael moore as much as anybody , but the fellow that put this piece together needs to go back to film school . it 's an amateurish , whining documentary made more for spite ( and those 15 minutes we all want ) than anything else . getting called down by michael moore at a public event and then talking to some sympathetic people outside ( people who probably just had nothing better to do on campus that night ) does n't prove that michael moore followers are all waffling malcontents , dude . overall , i rate this film fail
i gave one star beacuse it is not color this very old movies i want some in color about depression i have the prombleof the derpression of you have any movies about this please let me kno
this movie was just plain bad . it does n't just stink , it reeks . if i was to say this movie was horrible that would be a compliment . i ca n't believe that the other reviews were so complimentary . it 's the reason why i purchased the movie and i regret my decision . i should have read the reviews more closely . some of the reviewers had n't acutally seen the film while i am convinced that a few of the other reviews were written by people associated with the film . everything about this movie is sup-par . the script was horrible . the sets amateurish . the dialogue stilted . ( and not in the funny style reminiscent of the tv series - which i loved ) . there are a number of things about the movie that were warning signs that this movie was going to stink.first the only footage they used was from the batman movie . not the tv series . i have a feeling that the people who have the rights to the tv series realized that this movie was so bad they did n't want to associate themselves with it . they did n't use the original batmobile but a cheap rip off . i could continue by why make you suffer.the chemistry between adam west and burt ward is non-existent . and the chemistry between the ` actors ' playing adam west and burt ward in the ` flashback ' scenes is substandard at best . this movie is beyond dreadful . there are cameos from a few villains from the original tv show but they 're dreadful too . not because they are bad actors but because the script and plot are that bad . i wish i could say i laughed . i wish i could say that i at least cracked a smiled but unfortunately all i can say is that i watched this movie in dead silence . do not waste your money or your time on this movi
george clooney is about as entertaining to watch as michael jackson being raped by the gorton 's fisherman . his pompous , self indulgent personality is better suited for being a walmart greeter . except he 'd probably be fired for only saying hello to himself.clooney : get los
i grew up watching sesame street and truly love the muppets . however , i have to say this video was not what i expected . there were some great vintage clips , but not enough muppets/monsters for me . this video seemed hastily thrown together with bad editing . i would recommend you pass on this one and get `` 123 count with me '' instead .
my god . this was the most idiotic horror film since blair witch . all the character were utterly retarded . they had plenty of chances to escape and blew them all . duh ! ! ! ! ! ! so the viewer just stops giving a crud when the victims are behaving like screeching buffoons . and the ending ... made no sense whatsoever ! ! ! the ben guy is tried for their deaths . sure that makes sense . it 's not as though they could n't find the mine where the actual murderer was and get a crudload of dna evidence and dead bodies . not to mention the alleged hundreds of other tourists that have gone missing from that exact place . total piece of junk . a wasted opportunity for all involve
okay , the rating above is not going to be liked but i have to be truthful.the only good thing going for this movie was the return of `` snake plissken '' .this film 's plot was essentially a rehash of the original `` escape from new york '' ... a bit more special effects ( which in fact , did not make this a better movie ) ... when i go to a sequel i expect to get what i paid for a totally new adventure with the same character / characters.kurt russell 's character is older and even more in the know of what the rewards are before he is offered them . obviously the movie does n't really know where it 's going as it takes two scenes ( 15 minutes of the film ) ( 1st scene - president , commandant , and lackey give snake the mission ) ( 2nd scene - commandant and lackey brief snake before he leaves for the mission ) to explan to the audience what 's the basic conflict.i guess either carpenter or russell are just getting too old to take a great leap and recount either an earlier snake plissken adventure or an adventure well worth telling..i also wish to comment that this disc has no special features besides a movie trailer ... '' carpenter ... .russell ! `` please do n't tell me `` money '' caused you to revisit a `` cult figure '' ! some redeeming qualities are the acting performances of cliff robertson , stacy keach , steve buscemi , and pam grier . robertson , keach , and grier may be old but they can sure make you believe in their characters ! sorry , snake ... . '' i do n't love l.a. '' the-big-green-pointy-eared-one !
not a good copy of this great movie . i 'd wait and buy the `` restored authorized edition . '' even though i bought this version , i 've ordered the other . that 's how much i like metropolis is general
this joe d'amato film takes the women in prison genre one step deeper into the abyss of sleaze , bordering on pornography . the plot , or lack thereof , is typical : woman goes into jail undercover to unearth the guards corruption . to make the film last 80 minutes , joe d'amato fills the story with lesbianism , vile tortures , naked women in rat infested sewers , and plenty of gratuitous sex . i gave this movie 1 star because there is no option for a 0 star rating . even hardcore fans of euro sex queen laura gemser will find this one a total bore
for the time period when this was made , this was an excellent movie . made you stop and think , `` watch who you 're going to bed with '' !
between the amended `` politically correct '' ending to this famous tale and the so-very-hokey interaction between kirstey alley and lloyd bridges , i could n't wait for this to be over ! the animation was very poor quality ... the music was not the focus , my grandchildren lost interest . shat else could possibly have been wrong
i just got my copy of the dvd r-rated version and yes the best parts of the bondage scene are missing . why those edit happy bozos would remove the lower body scenes showing the actresses powerful legs around her captor and leave the breasts showing is beyond me . since this scene is most appealing in the way the original version first displayed it in 85 , to take it out in my opinion degrades the movie entirely . i was completely dissapointed in this version of the movie . if anyone saw the unrated 1985 vhs version you would know what i mean . lana was the movie . why remove it ? ? ? ? ? i have [ not a ] clue ! ! ! unsatisfied customer
so i decided maybe i 'll give this exploitation thing a try considering i love gore , violence , and horror movies . the reason i give it a 1 star is because it just is n't that good of a movie . it 's very boring for most of the movie . about the first 20 or so minutes few words are even said . then the guys just rape this woman several times , then she comes back for a very unsatisfying revenge . it 's very slow paced and does n't live up to the hype . it is n't all that gory , and it is n't scary either . also , the rape is n't that convincing . i 'm not saying i need everything shown in detail , but the acting is so bad it makes it seem as if its not even a big deal . oh , and the woman gets revenge on one of the men who raped her ... and he was practically mentally retarded . the guy really just fell in with the wrong crowd and they convinced him to do something bad . that is not grounds for what she did to him , which in my opinion was the worst of the killings . anyways . not that good of a movie , do n't let the lure of sleaze and violence make you think it will be worth your time because its not
eddie murphy is a comical guy , but is he really the right guy to play in something as stupid as this ? of course , who is the right guy for it ? one of the questions i ca n't stand to think about in this movie , is how dolittle hears the animals speak , but their lips move and nobody notices . ca n't they connect the dots ? obviously not . and obviously , the filmmakers could n't either
way too expensive for a low quality product . the clarity of the picture is poor . there is not enough content to justify the price . i do n't recommend it at all . i feel i 've been cheated
this 1971 offering stars giancarlo giannini in a fine performance as a police inspector on the hunt for a psycho who stuns his attractive victime with a poison-dipped needle before eviscerating them . the production is above average slick and the performances are fine , especially from giannini , but i just did n't find it involving , suspenseful or stylish enough to keep my finger off fast forward . it 's not bad , just average . the climax and the killer 's unmasking is particularly weak and anti-climactic.fans of the genre seem to really like this one , but i suggest a rental before a purchase
the presentation of computer enhanced b & w images that in some cases were sort of new added limited value to my extensive video library , legacy of my father . however , the aural commentary of brannagh was repetitive and boring , each episode basically repeated the same 6+ octagenarian survivors exact same comments and reflections .
okay , i gave a pretty bad review of this dvd originally because it did n't play right . but after viewing it without the technical problems , i would like to say that it is a pretty good program and given the rarity of the subject matter , a good addition to any collection . ancient muscle conditioning ? not many dvd 's out there on the subject . i 've edited my original review and it wo n't allow me to give it more stars , but i 'd give it 4 . sorry , mr . keen , if i cost you sales on this . i commend you for putting this out
someone named `` ndb '' ( and i 'm willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by `` ndboston '' in certain other online venues ... ahem ) hit it right on the head . there is no curse . there never was . glad that the phantasm of a curse managed to put dan shaughnessy 's kids through college ok , but the red sox have had damned good reasons why they 've lost over the years , and none of them has to do with ghosts , specters , curses or other figments of the imagination.none of which takes away from the unbridled joy that we all feel in red sox nation at this wonderful , beautiful championship . ( by the way , ndb , shank is still gon na prime that pump . check this site for enthralling details of the windy-titled `` legend of the curse of the bambino , '' due to hit stores in may , and deep-discount racks in july or august at the latest . )
this movie was awfull . supertroopers was awsome and beerfest was even better , so i suppose they can be forgiven for this cinematic abortion
what a disaster . stay away from this film . i was so disappointed -- how could this have won the academy award ? ! the story is rambling and confused , as if the filmmakers could n't decide what story they wanted to tell . the animation is very average , with the exception of a few striking scenes of natural landscapes . in fact , those all-important `` happy feet '' of the main character just kind of jerk and slide around a bit . ( that 's supposed to be tap-dancing ? that 's supposed to be `` animation ? '' ) the jokes are n't particularly funny ( with the exception of a few moments in the middle where robin williams briefly shines ) . and oddly enough for a film whose central conceit centers on music and dancing , there 's not a single original song , or even an inspired remake of any of the songs . think `` billy elliot '' meets `` the march of the penguins '' with some of gore 's `` an inconvenient truth '' mixed in -- without any of the wit , charm , intelligence , passion , or beauty in any of those films . ( did i mention that this film is a disaster ? ) perhaps most annoyingly , like the rest of the story , the underlying political message alternates between cliched , confused , and heavy-handed . the ending is especially unbearable , with its tacked-on feel and absurd psuedo-environmentalist feel-good solution . what a joke ! personally , i consider myself quite liberal and sympathetic to environmentalist positions ( i 've been a vegetarian for more than 20 years , and a member of sierra club and peta , for example ) , yet the way this movie presents its misguided message offended me greatly -- not least because of the utter inconsistency and incomprehensibility of the message.one final note for those of you with children : this is not really a kids movie . most of the jokes wo n't be understood by children under 15 . for kids under 6 , all this feeble film offers is some too-scary `` shamus '' ( orcas ) , a terrifyingly ferocious sea lion inexplicably made to growl like a dinosaur and given outsized teeth in a deformed mouth , and a jarring ending that suddenly switches to live-action scenes where adults heatedly debate environmental action in such kid-friendly forums as the united nations ! ( what the heck ? ! ) after sitting through the entire film to this point , my four-year-old son finally turned to me and quietly said , `` this is not a movie for me . '' i could n't have agreed more
hands down the worst episode of the masters of horror television show . it 's dull , boring , and not scary . it will leave you scratching your head saying `` that 's all ? '' do n't even bother with this dvd . it 's a waste of your precious time .
i hated , hated , hated , hated this movie . it did n't make sense to me . to depresssing
this was just a boring movie ... ca n't understand the otherreview 's saying it 's good . would n't reccomend it
a good dozen years before his spectacular films of the late 70 's and mid 80 's allen got his name on the directorial map w/ this piece of fluff . you got ta start somewhere . tiger lily is more of a dry run for his later , real comedies than an original film in its own right . allen 's early work does tend to be stand up material thinly disguised as film . many of the jokes are funny but the one note premise wears thin quick . a must for allen enthusiasts and people who like quirky cultish so-bad-they're-fun movies
many people criticized this movie for having no plot . which is a result of many people criticizing the first for being too complex . there 's just no pleasing some people but this movie could have made up for it by having some class or a formidable villain . dougray scott is pretty much one of the worst villains ever and a poor representation of scottish actors.john woo uses some wonderful australian scenery but fails to inject any sense of excitement to the fight scenes . the gun battles look too damn staged and the fist fights are all done in slow-motion , which robs them of any realism or hardcore . seeing as how this is a pg-13 the action is also pretty damn tame . which is a shame since woo is a pro at this . you hardly see any bullets even enter bad guys never mind exit . it 's all done off screen . if people wanted tame violence why on earth did they hire woo to direct ? it 's a bit puzzling.although it is tame it is still darker and harder than the original . but the duff biochemical warfare plot is pure video game crap . i ca n't believe robert towne had a hand in writing this . it 's like a rejected plot to a solid snake ps1 game . there 's seems to be some focus on making it a james bond/die hard wannabe instead of respecting the source material and offering us any iconic or memorable set-pieces.another major thing that is wrong with this movie however is zimmer 's score . for a movie that is 124 minutes long we get about 30 minutes of music . zimmer is known for his talent of creating ambient and versatile music . but none of that is present in mi-2 . this was movie was made around the time of his decline into mass-produced soulless stuff . which is also a shame.it 's the wrong plot , the wrong director and the wrong approach that turns this into a movie for idiots . they really under-estimated the audience and fumbled the ball with this one.john woo 's original cut was 3.5 hours long . none of that footage is on this new 'special edition ' dvd . what a waste
i agree with most of the other reviewers that this is a very weak production with lots of pretentious talk and some pretty poor musical performances which are heavily cut to make more room for chatter . however the couple of minutes where rory block sings `` if i had possession over judgement day '' are worth the entire price of this dvd . do n't buy the tape 'cos you 'll have to sit through so much stuff you wo n't make it , but on the dvd you can go straight to rory block and never watch the rest
i still have not received this dvd . it was ordered on 12/8/06 and was supposed to ship on 12/12/06 . i am very upset that it did not arrive as it was a christmas gift . i can not rate the product as i do n't have it . i sent an e-mail through amazon to jrmovies several days ago and have not heard from them . i would appreciate a response or a refund
this version `` wind and cloud - the storm riders '' made in 2004 is not the same as `` the storm riders '' made in 1998.this dvd is a condensed version of a tv series packaged by tai seng . it is full-screen and was made for tv . it is pretty disjointed as it was condensed into 2 hours from 30 hours.most people doing the reviews for this dvd is confusing everyone writing positive reviews for the 1998 film staring aaron kwok and ekin chen
well not to bad a deal.most of the movies here are n't too bad ( the inspector general , a farewell to arms , a star is born etc ; ) and have basically clear picture and sound quality.it 's true several of these are silent but even a few of those are good.there is a problem with this set however , after you 've watched these movies once they will begin to wear out my mother and i discovered this when we wanted to watch `` the flying deuces '' for the second time the film was a lot more blurry and it was difficut to hear some of the dialogue.my advice is not buy this collection unless you find it for sale very cheap , and to just rent some of the better ones.we did get a few things out of this my mother said that she discovered buster keaton , w.c.fields and charlie chaplin because of this for instance , ( and after we liked father 's litle dividend we decided to watch father of the bride which was even better ) so i have decided to give it an extra star just for that
the review on the cover of the dvd reads `` a snappy , sexy thriller ... '' i must disagree . this was the most unsexy , and unthrilling movie i 've seen in a long time . in my opinion ashley judd doses not fit this roll , it 's almost comedic.twisted is poorly written and losely held to gether by okay acting . seems the actors were doing the best they could with what they had . i have no doubt the producers and director felt the story had potential but they failed to realize that with this production . the film 's ending holds an interesting twist but too many lose ends are left to the viewers imagination . my vote ? just okay , nothing to write home about
after i saw the first two `` scary movies '' i decided too see this movie . i thought the wayans brothers were the two writers , but i can see that i was wrong . this movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . i could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! i myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . i do n't know why teens like this movie so much . -ben russell
why american production make hk movies look so cheap ? first of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look act so dumb by english dubb . always stick with original licensed hk release . be careful with cheap imports , boots , and bulls though
i saw this movie and i found it both shocking and choking . it displays children as young as 4 years old smoking cigarettes ! did the filmmakers take into account the damage tobacco could have done to these child stars ? ( yes , the cigarettes and the smoke were real , not cg . ) i think they should have omitted such scenes from the script , because it displays a behavior that 's not only illegal in several countries , but also threatening to both society and childhood . no matter what the other reviewers thought about the movie , i give it a disgusting 1 , and this is the last movie i ever watch that depicts smoking children . to those that have n't yet watched this movie , please do n't watch it , unless you want cancer to win the health wars.and here i hand out a lesson for every active or aspiring moviemaker : if you want to depict smoking children , use computer graphics instead of the real thing
this is probably the worst war related movie i 've ever seen . i am particularly incensed by several actors who are featured as being in the film are present for as little as a single minute or two . time spent watching this film is time you 'll never get back and have nothing to show for it
three discs , includes one insert per disc with episode info.what 's on it15 30 minute episodesthree episodes from series 2 : municipal election ( 2-6 ) , 30th anniversary ( 2-11 ) , and on the waterfront again ( 2-19 ) twelve episodes from series 3 : thursday night ( 3-2 ) , my factory my self ( 3-4 ) , death motel ( 3-5 ) , play it again bob ( 3-7 ) , gaslight ( 3-8 ) , sammy maudlin ( 3-11 ) , hollywood salutes its extras ( 3-14 ) , irwin allen show ( 3-15 ) , big brother ( 3-16 ) , two way tv ( 3-17 ) , midnight express special ( 3-19 ) , and dick cavett ( 3-24 ) extrascommentary : joe flaherty and robin duke , andrew alexanderfeaturette : looking back with andrea martinfeaturette : the mackenzie brothers : take off , eh ( cbc the journal profile ) featurette : sctv at the firehallchanges1 election : 2 30th anniversary : 3 on the waterfront : 4 thursday night : closing credits music changed to season 4 generic theme ( obscuring cronkite 's rambling monologue ) 5 my factory : 6 death motel : edna hymbecker no longer sings killing me softly 7 play it again , bob : closing credits music changed to season 4 generic theme 8 gaslight : 9 sammy maudlin : 10 hollywood salutes : star wars title music in sneak previews has been replaced ; hawaii 5-o theme music in hawaii 5-ho has been replaced ; closing credits music changed to season 4 generic theme 11 irwin allen : 12 big brother : 13 two way tv : the cruisin ' gourmet has been replaced with tex and edna boil from 3-6 ( the lone ranger show ) 14 midnight express special : randy newman 's `` pants '' has been replaced by generic music 15 dick cavett : love boat deer hunter promo is cut
avoid this cheapo release of these great film ! subpar prints..certainly not from original 35mm elements..wait for the good one to come out down the road
this sequel to a horror classic started out ok , but by the middle , none of it mattered anymore , i even got a bit tired of the well done gore effects because i had to sit through scenes of a severed [ ... ] and rat duking it out ! the original `` reanimator '' is a great flick to see if you want excellent and original gore effects as well as a creepy storyline , but this sequel just stinks
great book , too bad the movie changes almost the entire story by leaps and bounds . i was only half way through the novel when i bought the movie , almost did n't finish reading it . they must have paid the author alot to destroy what could have been an epic film . on a brighter note i agree with the other reviewors that saphira 's voice was right on , and while the movie character of brom was fully wasted , jeremy irons did a fine job . i look forward to starting the next book , but will skip the next movie .
pablo francisco is like michael jordan on the wizards . he just isnt as good as he used to be . i hope he proves me wrong in future material . save yourself some money and get his old work .
this film starts with an event based on a true crime . a talk radio show host in denver was killed by an american nazi . ( this event inspired the `` talk radio '' play and film . ) this film continues with scenes from a small town in a farming region . no mention of their economic status ; are they losing dollars and population , small businesses , etc . instead we see a small group of white racists who abduct a black man to hunt and kill him ! this seems too exaggerated to believe . federal agents are aware of this but do n't want to act yet . their agent is sent back to get more information . there are groups like that in some sparsely settled areas . the film does n't explain what created them . it shows how some politicians try to use them for votes and contributions . no real names , of course.the federal agent meets to report to her higher ups . then we see terrorists prepare to hold up a bank to raise money for their activities ( based on real events ) . most bank robberies are done by ordinary criminals who are not part of any group . ( the fbi put an end to organized gangs that robbed banks in the 1940s . ) this federal agency does n't interfere because they want more information on their aims ( and their leaders ) . more terrorism is planned : dynamiting a courthouse , attacking a power station , etc . the terrorist plots here would keep this small group busy 24 hours a day ! kathy finds a secret list of `` friends '' . this is quickly copied with a camera . the federal agents need to know who this group will target so they can arrest them . gary meets with the leader ( who arrives in a helicopter ! ) and shows documents that say kathy is a special investigator . is kathy being served up as a sacrifice ? gary and kathy travel to chicago , where an assassination is planned that will make gary the fall guy . ( another lee harvey oswald ? ) a second `` lone gunman '' shoots the politician in front of a building . gary fails to shoot , and wo n't ever try this again.costa-gavras gained world fame with his 1969 film `` z '' . a few years later his film about rebels in south america was popular . his later films have seemed mediocre . a better story might not have tried to cover so many details and plots as this film does ; better pacing could help . the threat from domestic terrorism still needs a good film ( e.g. , timothy mcveigh ) . those who gave this film a high rating must love the images more than the facts.a better film today would show the bad results from `` nafta '' and `` free trade '' in harming most americans economically . but hollywood would never allow a film about this `` war on the middle class '' . the word ` nafta ' in greek and arabic refers to ` petroleum ' . nafta is a symbol for the policies designed for big oil . it is like george w. bush calling his policy `` operation iraqi liberation '' .
king vidor 's rather contrived adaptation of tolstoy 's epic riddled with miscast actors , a boring script , and a hurried screenplay . in short , another one of those 50-year old films that have outlived their audience to slowly sink into hollywood 's vaults of oblivion.the story follows the main characters of tolstoy 's novel such as natasha ( audrey hepburn ) , prince andrei ( mel ferrer ) , and pierre ( henry fonda . ) the film is too short for the novel and the acting stinks : particularly that of henry fonda as pierre . henry fonda is as stiff as fossilized wood in this film ; his pondering stare and preaching voice reminds me of a bad charleton heston film . as far as the battle scenes so greatly praised by the main reviewer , they are as sparse as they are realistic . all of the costumes and props in this film are horribly fake.in short , the only thing that remains impressive about this film is the fact that hollywood bothered to put it on dvd . apart from that , the acting is as worthless as the contrived screenplay and shallow dialogue . do n't buy this film
i am big horror movie fan so this flick sat with me fairly well.it was kind of cornie but with yvonne ( lily munster ) decarlo and a great actor in rod steiger it held my interest , also throw in michael j pollard who always plays an off the wall character and i guess that is what keeps this movie afloat
where to begin ? cliched . pretentious . flat . static . maudlin . melodramatic . homophobic . and finally , just plain boring . start with an over-the-top caricature of a deaf-mute patsy cline young drag queen arriving the big city , pile on cardboard `` colorful '' characters like typical aids patient , porno star , and loud-mouthed latina hot mamna , and whaddya get ? an amateur film populated with some of the most unlikable , unattractive characters ever , all spewing some of the unbelievably bad dialogue ever written - and to think the ( formerly talented ) director made the whole wide world also with d'onofrio ? go figure . nice cover art , though
i was trying to watch it , but can not open de dvd because it is the wrong country code ? ? ? ?
i was purchasing rockin ' wheels ( the one with the train and fire truck ) for my son , and the truck adventures came up as a combo deal with a discount if you bought them together . we borrowed the rockin ' wheels dvd from the library and he liked it so much , i thought it would be good to have two different ones . however , the truck adventures is not as good , and my son does n't even ask to watch it . the songs are lame and so is the narrator . do n't bother
my boys have grown up with dave hood playing all sort of characters like busdriver dave , pilot dave and fireman dave . i was excited to get this new dvd as my youngest is crazy for tractors and dump trucks . unfortunately , there 's a new dave ( kind of like the change that took place in blues clues ) and it 's just not the same . the new dave is not bad perse , but after years of dave hood 's cheesy grin , i ca n't say that we watch this one much if at all
everyone who has rated this film over 1-star is involved in the making of this crappy movie . click on the link to see their other reviews ... where are they ? ! ! this movie is absolutely terrible . if you can handle more than ten minutes of it , you 're a tougher man than m
as the us european command a-2 ( director of air intelligence ) during this phase of the disintegration of yugoslavia , i was surprised to see the ending -- what happened to the admiral and pilot . historical ? no way ! the only plane shot down was a single-seat us air force f-16 pioted by capt mcbrien ( sp ? ) while on combat air patrol ( cap ) , no cameras . some naval f-14s carried film-loaded cameras in pods , but most of the imagery pin-pointing mass graves came from u-2s and satellites ( and good coordination with french peacekeepers on the ground ) . so , this movie was fiction . it could have conveyed a better message , a better review of the decay of the former yugoslavia and the dominant role of serbian forces . but the producers decided action via fiction was better than learning fact
the basic pilates mat exercises are performed , which are okay ; however , the cardio segment of this video is truly lame ! the instructor runs the viewer through marching , marching and stretching one 's arm at the same time and , finally , marching and kicking back one 's leg . that 's it . how incredibly dull ! what 's worse , the instructor has a terribly artificial clenched-tooth smile plastered to her face for the duration . `` pilates for dummies '' is a far better instructional video for newcomers to the world of pilates ( do a series of jumping jacks or go for a run afterwards to get in your cardio ) . i would n't waste your time w/ this video .
great book , too bad the movie changes almost the entire story by leaps and bounds . i was only half way through the novel when i bought the movie , almost did n't finish reading it . they must have paid the author alot to destroy what could have been an epic film . on a brighter note i agree with the other reviewors that saphira 's voice was right on , and while the movie character of brom was fully wasted , jeremy irons did a fine job . i look forward to starting the next book , but will skip the next movie .
... and i can remember some of the scenes to this day ( i 'm 49 now ) . i was 16 ; my friend,17 at the time . i used to hitchhike to and from her house a lot in those days , and after that movie , i didn't-for a long time . at the time it was a really scary film , and the urban legend at the time was that it was based on a true story , which only added to the starkness of it . of course , as some have opined here , what is perceived as horrifying then and what 's considered horrifying now is like comparing oranges and rutabagas . `` horror-and-brutality technology '' in films has definitely-and i use this word wryly-evolved
do n't buy this . `` from the grave '' is overdubbed b/w film without bruce lee in it . the other two are n't great either
solar flow is a fine dvd , but should not be marketed as something separate from yoga shakti . there are no new sequences , just remixes of the shakti sequences . since you can rearrange all the shakti sequences on your own , solar flow is superfluous . i do n't feel a lot of shanti being swindled into purchasing the same thing twice . a little disclosure please ! -rebecc
there are enough reviews of the main movie story so i do n't need to add anything in that regard . but , what on earth does a lesbian sub-story ( in both regards ) have to do with the story as a whole ? nothing . so , we have another movie that would be great to introduce the whole family to blue-grass music and the appalachian way of life that , instead , heads for the trash bin
this dvd is not shaolin idiot but an older film of stephen chow . it 's really a film called `` look out , officer '' that stephen chow made in 1990 . shaolin idiot is not out yet to my knowledge . if you want stephen chow 's `` look out , officer '' you should buy this dvd if not , do n't .
i would have liked a more real story in this dvd
i 've taken kickboxng classes and have owned other kickboxing dvds but did not like this one . its boring , kathy seems to be doing a number of the moves in an awkward manner and the other people on set are distracting -- from their outfits to their sloppy moves . skip this one
this movie is not a war movie . it is not remotely related to history either . guadalcanal was not like this as anyone who knows the people who fought there and the history . since when did american troops in ww ii carry pliers around to extract gold teeth from dying enemy soldiers ? this depiction is just simple minded and pure excrement . enemy soldiers all hugging around and teary eyed over war is hell ? can we spell bushido ? mallick ca n't . now , if you like touchy , feely , not the real world aesthetique , have at it . the scenery and photography is quite good .
`` midway '' was the decisive naval engagement of the second world war -- decided by a handful of bombs hitting the japanese carriers over a period of a few minutes . it is a riveting story that has been well told in several movies and innumerable books . not here . relying upon outtakes from `` tora tora tora '' ( and the wonderful japanese cast of that film ) what we have here is a pedestrian outing that should be avoided at all costs . quite honestly ? the best version of the battle of midway was steven spielberg 's original `` star wars '' ( before it had roman numberals _
wow was that ever awful ! i 'd write more but im busy cleansing my dvd player after loading that steaming pile ! !
i got ta say this movie is an example of a terrible idea , swain husband beats the crap outta her and she spends her time running from him . what 's worse his friend is a lunatic who want swain 's character . swain 's character is a hillbilly who like 's an upper class doctor who she really never connects with , i never really got why swain settled for a lunatic when she was trying to find inner peace thru the whole movie . this movie puts a bad taste in my mouth , it was a waste of my time it wasnt a story it was an excuse to make a bad movie . ( do not buy )
belushi 's crowning jewel perfomance in my opinion is when he played opposite monty python 's michael palin as the manly captain ned in the miles cowperthwaite skits . they are both absent from this dvd nor on any snl video i can find .
i bought this movie for my husband because its one of his faves . when we received it we found out it was a blu ray edition and our dvd player does n't accept blu ray dvd 's . so i basically bought a movie i ca n't watch . it should have been put in the description that this a blu ray edition for those of us who do n't have blu ray compatible dvd players
men of a certain age will remember how , when we were kids and this was played on tv in the early 80s , we thought it was so cool when a huge army of police officers fired so many shots into a house that it eventually collapsed , and when a bus was shot full of holes by an even larger army of cops . but those two over-the-top scenes are all this movie has going for it . the other action scenes are pretty silly and unbelievable , especially scenes involving a sniper in a helicopter , and atop a parking structure , both of whom were in `` ca n't miss '' positions and missed anyway . moreover , if you know anything about law the plot is beyond silly . it involves eastwood being sent from phoenix to las vegas to escort a witness being extradited back to arizona for a trial . the witness will testify about bad behavior on the part of the phoenix police commissioner , and a corrupt assistant district attorney is involved with the commissioner in a coverup . assuming a material witness can be extradited , which i doubt , the crime appears to have been committed in vegas , so it would tried in vegas , not phoenix . and if the ada prosecuting the case was corrupt and wanted to cover for the commissioner , he could just dismiss the case , and there would be no need to murder the witness . the idea that they would want to draw attention to the case by having 200 cops line up and try to assassinate the witness is beyond ridiculous . in sum , the plot and the action were both absurd , and the only interesting scenes were the crazy firepower overkill at the house and on the bus . but those two scenes probably ca n't carry the entire movie for the average viewer .
damn . there 's nothing remarkable about the second item on this dvd ; it 's your standard european-made sexploitation film . `` the wild , wild world of jayne mansfield , '' on the other hand , is reprehensible . it 's a hodge-podge of vacation footage of mansfield , clips from her movie project , and material entirely unrelated to mansfield , linked only by the voiceover ... and then , after an hour or so of light-hearted softcore buffoonery , the movie cuts to her death , spending the last twenty minutes obsessing on her husband and children and the large , mostly empty mansion she has left behind.this movie has the feel of something slapped together for the sole purpose of trading off a famous name after mansfield 's death . this is exploitation in its worst form . i found the sudden change in tone , the large volume of non-mansfield material , and the sheer obsessiveness of the last twenty minutes disgusting in the extreme . those looking for cheesy bad movies to enjoy , or softcore porn to tittilate , go elsewhere ; this one is not merely bad , but evil
you know the feeling ... that feeling of `` oh my gosh , how did i ever spend money on this movie and when is it ever going to end ? '' well , that 's what unfortunately accompanies this dull and somber film . unfortunately , because of its all-star cast , although this would n't be the first time in movie history where an all-star cast is wasted . aside from an interesting peek into the world of yale 's secret skull and bones society , a delightful cameo by joe pesci and a few too cute-by-half zingers , this movie has little or nothing to offer . it does n't keep one 's attention and by the time you try to care enough about what is going on , you realize that you do n't even care about the characters . matt damon 's skulking and scowling leading role lacks rhythm and chemistry , especially with the beautiful angelina jolie , and he is laughably miscast as a father . in fairness however , with the script he 's been given , it 's hard to see how damon could have done much better . the pacing of the film is extradinarily slow and one can just imagine people walking out of the theater before it ends . a huge disappoinment especially since director deniro is such a talented actor . skip it
im not sure why i gave this a second star ; maybe its because i feel guilty for always loathing everything john malkovich is associated with ? directed and written by spike jonze and charlie kaufman ( the same duo who gave us the equally pretentious `` adaptation '' ) , this one centers around an unsuccessful puppeteer ( john cusack ) who figures out how to enter into the body of actor john malkovich for 15 minutes at a time and manages to turn that talent into riches and fame but oh my he still isnt happy even tho he gets to hang out with cameron diaz
to say this film is self-indulgent is a masterpiece of understatement . almost every joke in this movie that did n't center around profanity or flatulence was a nod to one of smiths other movies . maybe if you are a great filmmaker you can get away with that , but if you have only made 4 other films ( very poor ones too by cinematic standards ) then that just means you have the worlds biggest ego.the film looks as if it was written by a highschool kid , although the humor really dose n't reach even that level . here is a recap of the types of humor in this film . making fun of fans , fart jokes , scatological jokes , profanity ( yes this is actually supposed to be funny in and of itself ) , making fun of miramax , making fun of the viewers for actually being stupid enough to pay to see this film ( i swear i am not making this up ) , and any number of inside jokes involving the cast and crew.this movie comes across as crass , tasteless , profane and generally an abject debacle in all respects . thank god i borrowed this movie and did n't pay anything to rent it . i wo n't be watching another kevin smith movie anytime soon
i give it 3 stars for porn and -2 stars for a movie , therefore , collectively ; you have your single star . by all means , i suggest you get yourself some hardcore porn , beat off , and then watch a real movie . caligula blows literally and royally . it is a little under 3 hours , which seemed like 3 days , and there is only about 20 minutes of decent film . the small amount of story that is somewhat portrayed is simply stepped on by asinine porn . the most triumphant scene in the movie is where the roman soldiers attack the phallus-humbling papyrus stalks while flailing their genitals to and fro . this movie is ridiculous . in order to enjoy this , one must be completely perverted and dimwitted
i really enjoyed the first urban legends movie , but this one i was not impress by at all . i wish i would have taken these reviews more seriously that i read before buying this dvd . this was an awful cheapo urban legends movie . theres nothing here to come close of where the first urban legends was . i see now theres a third urban legends movie out , im not sure if that ones good or bad , like this one . if you have a couple of bucks to blow , go ahead and get this one . if you seriously want a good atleast kinda scary movie , look else where.p.s . no wonder this dvd is only $ 9.00 bucks
even though i am not a streisand fan , i was astonished at just how dopey and annoying this movie was . the plot is supposed to revolve around a big change in appearance for streisand 's character , making her attractive - no , irresistible - to the main male character . the problem is , she looks almost exactly the same before and after the makeover ! somebody ( probably streisand ) thinks that highlighted hair , a tight black cocktail dress , and a baggy-lipped smirk are irresistible whereas a pink bridesmaid dress , casual clothes , and everyday looks are disgusting . baaaaaamp ! ( that 's the fallacy alarm going off : men , in my experience , do n't care much about clothes and makeup . ) there was a lot of emphasis placed on the streisand character 's losing weight by riding an exercise bike , but she looked exactly the same afterward - no detectable weight difference ! yet truly , the low point of the movie is the scene in which streisand , discussing her baby and early-childhood photos with her mother ( played by lauren bacall ) , blubbers , `` wazz i a pretty baby ? wazz i a pretty babyyyyeeee ? '' in that one scene , streisand 's neuroticism concerning her looks is fully revealed . the whole movie is about this issue , and it 's amazing that an entire cast , crew , and production company would devote themselves to b.s . 's emotional issues like that.i really think that the `` funny girl '' phenomenon somehow ruined streisand 's thought processes . the media buzz about her at the time was that she was kind of cute despite being light-years away from the stereotyped , northern european beauty standard of the time ( think grace kelly ; think ingrid bergman ... .. ) . i recall reading about how her glowing complexion , thick hair , and good figure ( as well as her energy and voice ) carried her through despite her looks : long nose , large lips , slanted eyes . myself , i think she looks like an egyptian princess or similar ; but she certainly does n't look like grace kelly ... ..so why ca n't she accept this ? the majority of us women , whatever our race , color , or bone-structure , learn to live with and love who we are ... ..at least i hope we do ! this movie is not about that . this movie says that you have to have a certain dress and hairdo to be desirable . maybe i should 've given it only one star
most boring of the barbie movies , i am sure glad my daughter has stopped asking to watch it over and over . and when it is so boring it seems to drag on forever . and i agree with another reviewer , princess and the pauper and rapunzel , much better ! ! !
happy gilmore is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . then i watched billy madison and it was about a totally moronic spoilt rich kid . total opposites sometimes do n't atract .
i live in colorado , one of the states that receives emergency funding because the illegal alien situation has gotten so out of hand . this movie is about a town called farmingville and the disruptions in their lives as they ( literally ) wake up to find mass groups of illegals outside of their neighborhoods . some live 20 to a house and have cars coming and going every day- ( imagine how that would bring down the resale value on a home ? ) the aliens surround the streets to hustle for work right out in the open . the video documents the two sides ( the ones who support , and oppose ) the situation . the side that opposes the intrusion into their lives painfully reveals their exasperation at their own city 's inability to instill order and law . as women who go to the neighborhood 7/11 are whistled at , they become nervous ( as a women offered in the video-unfortunetly it was not shown ) . the thick misogyny in the mexican aliens was especially disturbing ( example : a women who was with a special interest gruop to offer services to the illegal men was unsure whether they would listen to her , as in the mexican culture ) . some create groups in support , others create and claw for order . eventually a town meeting is called in which one of the women who runs the opposing group is called a rascist by her own politicians as he is flanked by two illegal aliens who nod in agreement . it is especially poignant to watch as this everday american women brings the situation to her counsil members . they call her a rascist , and many of the illegal aliens surround this politician in support.it was disturbing to see a foreign lawbreaker have more influence over our politicians than one law-abiding women and her attempts at trying to instill order in her own town . i do n't believe it portrayed the opposing townspeoples side very fairly . they had every right to be exasperated-our we not in a terror war ? since when does mexicos problems come before our own ? maybe because it was made by carlos sandaval it was more unobjective . i felt the film more unfairly depicted the opposing ( against illegal immigrants ) as 'mean ' rather than literally mindblown and aggravated their laws were n't being enforced ! when does the nations people not have a voice in their own country ?
if lifetime switched from showing crappy dramas about wronged women to showing crappy horror flicks about wronged women this would one of them . this movie was not scary . it would have been suspenseful if i cared for any of the characters . you know what the best part was ? when it was over.few movies compel me to write reviews , good or bad . this one obviously did
let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , `` the descent '' was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , `` the descent '' '' the descent '' begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal.at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there.even though `` the descent '' was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . `` the descent '' is unrated and contains violence and language
'clownhouse ' is mainly associated with a sex scandal involving the director and the youngest boy actor . while hearing of salva 's conviction when 'jeepers creepers ' came out , i never knew it had anything to do with this movie , nor had i ever heard of this in the first place . i actually stumbled upon this looking to see if there was a horror movie involving clowns besides 'it ' , and came across this weird little 'halloween'-like suspense tale . while the sex scandal never once popped into my head ( except when there was a pointless and gratuitous butt shot of the kid ) , i still did n't care for this too much , despite its pluses.like 'halloween ' , this film relies on suspense rather than gore to creep people out , but sadly , it did n't really get to me . if i was about 9 or so , this would 've scared the hell out of me . i 'm not saying i hated this ; it was all right and had some geniune chills and some fantastic images , but because you see who the clowns are before they find the house and start terrorizing the children , it lost some effect for me . i would have liked it better if i had no idea what was going on , and it would 've been a creepier experience.horror movie fans should like this , even though i personally thought it would be better . the atmosphere is very , very creepy , and the clowns are actually pretty terrifying in their own way , but it just did n't do it for me . rent it first
i watched ten minutes of beanie seagal trying to act and turned my dvd player off to read a book . i had to . i felt like i was getting dumber by the minute for watching that short segment of the movie . it looked so common i did n't even need to see the rest to tell you the end . i 'm willing to bet some people got shot , somebody got away with the crime , the police arrested beanie , and somebody 's mother was yelling at somebody . i do n't even care if i 'm right or wrong because regardless , i 'm not gon na finish watching this movie
throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor 's music `` self-indulgent bullsh** '' apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes ' summary . so lets see here : 15 hours on louis armstrong and duke , 5 minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke 's death . reminds me of the republisuck 's `` fair and balanced '' nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n't in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there
sure , this was heaped with loads and loads of popular acclaim by the critics , but the question you should be asking yourself is , will it appeal to the average person ? the simple answer here is a loud and resounding no . here are the reasons : 1 ) unless you 're a well-bred blue blood who knows all about edward ii and loves shakespeare , this is extremely hard to follow , not just because of the archaic olde english-speake , but also due to choppy production and editing which impedes the plot coherence . result ? if you 're not lost you will soon will be , and worse yet , you wo n't care ; 2 ) do n't be fooled by the lure of annie lennox-she is an itsy-bit of a bit player in the overall run of this `` movie '' and is , for all intents and purposes , inappropriately placed in the middle of it much like the effect of having an mtv commercial rammed in the middle of your programme ; 3 ) let 's be clear about what you 're getting for your 10-15 dollars : it 's not a movie at all , but an arty-pretentious stab at cheap play production with less cinematography than your average soap opera or home movie . further , the `` period '' is thematically juxtiposed with costumes of old and new , making one more likely to ponder whether their budget was short , not what cutty-edgy-trendy-theme-within-a-theme are they trying to promote . who knew such a tantillizing , heart-wrenching piece of history could be rendered so dull ?
it 's been 30 years since i 've seen this film on cable . i decided to re-visit this obscure film and see if i missed anything in the initial viewing . as it turned out , i did n't miss anything . it 's pretty much the same , routine sam peckinpah film , filled with lots of blood , guts , bullets and slow-motion action . it 's also a long , tedious film that is not one of his best , but will satisfy those who enjoy ultra-violence in their movies
i watched parts of all the `` let 's dance salsa '' dvds and what a joke . is this guy serious ? he needs to get a few dvds himself to find out about salsa , rhythm , lead and following , and just general concepts of dancing . i agree with a few other folks who wrote reviews ... what qualifies him as an instructor ? i think he 's doing an injustice to salsa . if anyone is considering learning from these dvds ... do n't . you 'll not only learn some bad habits in dancing , but you 'll be a joke on the dance floor.the only worth these dvds have to anyone interested in salsa is for a good laugh . seriously ... amazon should consider removing this product
this a dreadful example of what jayne was reduced to play in to feed her children and compensate for the lack of earnings of her deadbeat-husbands/lovers.the only reason to watch it would be because mamie van doren was also in it.but be aware ( and i read that in a biography about jayne ) that in their contracts was specified that they would not appear together in any scene whatsoever.so you see them separately in different scenes.also be aware that if you blink , you will not see either of the 2 blonde beauties.conclusion : get this film for a member of your family who is nostalgic for the ways of the `` ol ' south ' , or someone with a white hood showing his eyes onl
i originally read the novel ( of which i assume most of the other reviewers are unaware ) and watched the earlier german film of the same name for a college course entitled `` memory and mourning in post-war germany . `` i 'd just like to point out that the film is a horrible depiction of the novel . it seems that the director wanted to make a more `` hollywood '' version of the film , and i think he succeeded . for instance , the entire ending is completely different from that of the novel , and in my opinion is completely wrong for the story.in general , the film has little to do with any of the original versions , and is far inferior
this video was not animated like the classic chuck jones features such as `` the cat in the hat '' and `` the grinch '' . my daughter was rather disappointed to see the camera scanning over pages of the books she already owns along with paper cutouts of the characters floating around as a cheap replacement for animation . we give this video a thumbs down
i take this title form the video store thinking in wynton marsalis.when i was watching the dvd i can appreciate that the image is very good ( not great , and i have a 720p tube tv ) and the sound is very good also ( not great , i have a reference equipment ) .but the show is so boring¡ look , you just desire this man stop to blow . the drum 's solo is just awesome , but the rest of the show is to forgive about it
i love me some mamet . his dialogue takes some getting used to , since it is crafted so as to touch on the edges of realism while inhabiting a more stylistic realm . i also love his dedication to his actors , employing the same ones over and over , so that his movies come off as different shows performed by the same theatrical troupe , which may very well be his point.however , edmond is the first mamet film to leave me disappointed and , worse , annoyed.macy plays edmond with typical wide-eyed aplomb . edmond is a man who is weak , but is valiantly ( if not clumsily ) trying to be strong . the movie starts with a chance encounter with a fortune teller whose tarot card reading provides a cinematic outline for the remainder of the film . edmond then goes home , breaks up with his wife , and goes on a deaf , dumb , and blind search for himself , finding instead over-priced whores , pimps who are not-what-they-seem , and -- generally -- everything but himself.i get the point : edmond is the epitome of modern man 's emasculation , unable to find his own balls with both hands , and his tawdry and panicked search through new york for some unnameable salvation is an example of the lengths anyone must go ( man or woman ) to find , if not redemption , then the places where one `` belongs . `` there are a lot of problems here . most superficially , there 's one of packaging . the dvd box prominently features a picture of a gun , and no gun appears in the film . the tags on the box call the film , alternately , a mystery and a fast-paced thriller , when it is neither one of those things . not even close . this movie is ( like most of mamet 's work ) based on a play ; never before has it been more obvious ( unless you count the absolutely brilliant oleanna ) . edmond is , essentially , a one-man show , with macy delivering numbing and rambling monologues , stopped only occasionally to engage in awkward and almost meaningless side action with ancillary characters ( some of them played well -- denise richards actually shines in her brief scene as a hooker -- and some of them not so well -- julia stiles seems over-medicated in her role as an ambivalent and easily persuaded waitress ) . in spite of how they do and do n't help edmond make his way through the tunnel of decadence and misery he creates for himself , most of these characters seem disposable , making the movie come across as equally dismissable . ( i would also like to take a moment here to make a small observation about rebecca pidgeon , mamet 's wife , an actress who appears , i think , in every single one of her husband 's films : this woman is , viewed in even the nicest of lights , one of the worst actresses i 've ever seen , and she sucks the life out of every scene she 's in . in this movie she plays edmond 's wife , and does so with heartless and uninspired vehemence . it 's nice that mamet gives his wife the opportunities he does , but one has to wonder if she 'd ever get any acting work at all if she were n't married to such a famous writer/director ) .at the risk of spoiling the film , i will say that , at the end , edmond finally does find where he `` belongs , '' a place that , given his previous struggles , makes a lot of sense ( although the manner in which he finds this belonging might offend more than a few viewers ) . but this is small consolation since , by this time , few people are likely to have any sympathy for edmond or where he ends up . his character 's slap-dash personality combined with the persistent and mostly meaningless monologues on fate , fear , destiny and ( ironically ) meaning make for a benumbing and distasteful cinematic experience . a few good performances and some nice , visceral cinematography do not save this film from its plot and the dialogue that fails to move that plot along . avoid this flick ; try oleanna or glen gary glenross instead .
unfortunatlly i got a dvd that dosnt work ... . he lagnguge is not english and when i tried changing and choosing english lang . it dosnt repond ... so am stuck with i
my 14 month old son loves the baby einstein series . they 've been the only movies to hold his attention . the sounds and music get his attention , the shapes and colors hold it.that said , this movie never got or held his attention . there are no interesting sounds or music . the voices are very monotone . while i understand the intention of this video , if you do n't catch the attention of the child , what 's the worth in it ? the pictures on the screen do not corrolate well with what is being said . i also believe that there is value in learning not only foreign languages , but foreign cultures . if i knew what was being said when nursery rhymes or poems are recited , i could repeat them in english as an additional learning tool . all around , this move was disappointing
this is about other people talking about richard pryor with a fe clips of pryor
this one is just plain awful ! ! it 's a bunch of hollywood brats being histrionic .
while the story may be entertaining in its own right , and any chance to see donald o'conner dance is worth it , this can be a very disappointing film to porter buffs . the plot has nothing to do with the stage play except that some of it does take place on a ship . the story line is totally different and therefore some of porter 's original songs have been taken out and replaced by songs of sammy cahn and james van huesen which do not live up to porter 's quality . the best examples i can give is the fact that there is no evangelist so the title song `` anything goes '' turns into a second act number , sung by mitzi and chorus ( with horrific word changes ) and `` blow gabriel blow '' becomes a finale in the broadway show ( sung by the four main characters ) that comes at the end of the picture and has nothing to do with any character or plot line . if you have n't seen it on stage it 's pleasant enough , but if you 're expecting the broadway show it 's a major disappointment
i did n't know that they made music videos this long . if i had known that 's all that this was , i would never have watched it . this is a horrible film ! save your time and money and avoid this monstrosity !
let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , `` the descent '' was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , `` the descent '' '' the descent '' begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal.at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there.even though `` the descent '' was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . `` the descent '' is unrated and contains violence and language
i 'm not sure what compelled me to seek out `` americano , '' written and directed by kevin noland . it 's not as if i was dying to check up on the career of joshua jackson , a star of tv 's `` dawson 's creek . '' perhaps i was intrigued by dennis hopper 's inclusion in such a small scale production -- i mean the man is always interesting even when his material is less than stellar . here , however , the lure for him seems to have been his daughter ruthanna , who has a supporting role and serves as a producer on this film . maybe it was international star leonor varela , a beauty who is surely one good role away from making it big in america . most likely , though , it was the idea of seeing the movie as a travelogue of spain . with great scenery , bull fights , hemingway , hard drinking and partying , the running of the bulls -- the atmosphere alone might have made intriguing viewing.however , i am going to be rather hard in my assessment of this film . i think noland has talent and i look forward to other works . the film is photographed well and has good performances . my problem stems from the fact that there is absolutely no drama in this familiar coming-of-age story . with an astounding lack of real character insight , this little production about characters at a crossroads falls absolutely flat.the setup is simple . as recent college graduates , jackson and two pals ( who bicker comically ) are spending the last few days of their vacation in spain before jackson must return to the `` real '' world and a new job . facing the eternal struggles between childhood and adulthood , work and independence , freedom and monotony , dreams and reality -- jackson falls into lust with a local played by varela . should he ditch it all for this worldwind romance ? should he abandon responsibility for a life of leisure ? should he stay in spain ? these are legitimate questions and a legitimate , albeit familiar , story path . what makes `` americano '' so tedious and uninvolving , however , is that the film does n't allow you to know its characters . a character study with no genuine character development seems a hard concept to pull off -- and `` americano '' does n't succeed in doing anything remotely deeper than the superficial presentation of friends on vacation . we never know anything about jackson 's job or life in america , or his dreams , passions , interests , etc ... aside from this fleeting romance . sure , the film goes through the requisite motions -- jackson writes pretentious poetry and talks to statues of hemingway , what else would you expect in spain ? if he has artistic aspirations , however , the screenplay surely never develops this . lacking any real guidance as to what jackson envisions for his life , i simply fell into the camp of `` who cares ? '' there are plenty of authentic moments in the depiction of spanish culture . dennis hopper 's role , however , as a club host is a complete misfire . ultimately , though , my genuine disinterest in the film comes from a screenplay that asks me to care but never goes beneath the surface for emotional truth and character depth . sure , jackson 's at a crossroads -- but lacking any understanding of what he wants , it made no difference to me what he chose . sorry , but that 's a big problem when it is your film 's central theme . kgharris , 02/07
another film in the never-ending series of `` giant animated snake eats people '' films that have been plaguing us for almost a decade . the creators of a maximum-security prison in the antarctic drill into a hollow rock formation and disturb the ten-million-plus slumber of 80-foot hungry reptile.there 's nothing more to this film than that . `` boa '' ( also known as `` new alcatraz '' ) actually takes itself seriously instead of reveling in its silliness , which i do n't think was a smart idea . the technical team - photography , production design-set decoration , etc . - create a fairly effective , chilling atmosphere , but everything else about `` boa '' is strictly routine.dean cain does a job i would describe as tolerable , although elizabeth lackey is just that - lacking - as his wife , and the supporting cast ( mark sheppard , grand l. bush , craig wasson ) is just a touch more professional.the film-makers actually make the wise move of mostly keeping the snake in the dark so we ca n't see just how fake it looks.i do n't really recommend it unless you actually happen to enjoy this sort of thing to begin with ; other , similar titles include `` python '' 1 and 2 , `` anaconda '' ( the original hokey animated killer snake movie of 1997 ) and `` anaconda : search for the blood orchid '' , and the inevitable `` boa vs. python '' .the dvd includes a few trailers and filmographies for the director and principal actors.2/
this does n't really do anything for me ... maybe if you have n't ever worked out before it may be a good beginning for you to start
i have probably never seen a movie with quality as bad as this.even my old tapes from tv were 500 % better . the picture was faded , the characters looked like they were 90 years old and the sound track was off so badly that it also garbled words , so looking away from the movie did not help . it is also one hour long -- but seemed like three-probably a copy of a tv movie as it also had cuts for commercials though i could not find any place that said this . it was advertised as a 2 hour dvd-and it is -- i guess , but i could not see any more of it . at the end of one hour , it just showed credits and it was over . i am returning it-and it is the first copy of a dvd that i have ever returned for picture and sound quality
i saw this movie about two weeks ago and i ca n't believe how disappointed i am for this . i was expecting fireworks ; instead i got a truckload of bad karma on my head . not only that but it maybe the most over-the-top film i ever saw and it will be on my list of the worst movies i ever saw . to begin with half of the characters die in this film and i was like 'what is the meaning ? ' then there 's the film 's signature moment in which sinatra wakes up from his nightmare and they do it in such a matter that they put his face right at the camera . again i said to myself , 'what 's the point ? ' and then there 's the chilling climax which would be totally ripped off a year later by the kennedy assassination-from the scoped rifle right down to james gregory 's character getting shot in the head . in one of the documentries to this dvd director william fredkin says that there is no doubt this movie caused lee harvey oswald to kill president kennedy because 'oswald realized that he was raymond shaw . ' if he 's right that raises the question : did he do it by his beliefs or did someone push him over ? then fredkin ends his obseravation by saying that the release of `` the manchurian candidate '' and the death of president kennedy are the two events that made the 1960 's what it is and why people today ( including me ) are still obessed with that decade . in conclusion , i think this was a big disappoinment . and this movie is on the list of afi 's 100 greatest films ? please .
while `` scary movie 4 '' does work in getting out a couple of laughs , it certainly does not live up to the past three . many of the jokes that were used are redundant and frankly , are getting pretty old . although this movie had a lot of different material to work with such as the grudge , saw , and war of the worlds , it misses the funny mark just by a bit . personally , i felt they could have done a lot more in terms of parodying these films , particularily with the grudge . the writers should have taken more advantage of the content they had to spoof in order to have made this film a lot more funnier . and really , was it necessary to spoof films such as brokeback mountain and millionaire dollar baby , both of which are not horror films ? i believe the comedy in this film is aimed towards a more mature audience , and is vastly different from what scary movies 1 & 2 offered ( which i found to be extremely hilarious ) . if you 're looking for over the top funny , look towards the other scary movies
interestingly , this pro-apartheid film was produced and written by jack abramoff , now famous for pleading guilty to fraud and tax evasion in the course of orchestating the biggest american congressional corruption scandal in a generation.yes the same man who bribed over 60 congressmen and senators , robbed several native american tribes blind , tried to take out life insurance policies on tribal elders with himself as the beneficiary , and called the choctaw tribal council `` monkeys '' and `` troglodytes '' , had an interesting earlier career . he was disqualified from the student government election in his beverly hills elementary school for exceeding spending limits.he took over the young republican movement in college with his schoolmates including ralph reed of the christian coalition , and longtime republican insider grover norquist . but more relevant to this movie , well into the 1990 's while actively working in the hollywood film industry he worked both covertly and overtly to support the racist whites only apartheid goverment of the old south africa , and to oppose and discredit nelson mandela and the anc 's struggle for majority rule and racial equality.during this period , he conceived this piece of bizarre propoganda , paid for by the apartheid government in the old south africa , equating the struggle for black liberation in south africa with communism and the soviet union , and openly placing his sympathies with the racist minority afrikkaner government.the hero of the film is based on the many mercenaries , or so called soldiers of fortune , as they are called in their trade magazine which like the makers of this film , were also enthusiastic about private killers being hired to murder activists fighting against apartheid.an amazing historical anomoly , this piece has even more significance in the wake of the currently unfolding scandal which promises to be one of the largest in history , involving bribery , favors , protection of sweatshops ( in us colonies where women are forced into having abortions ) , fraud , the chritian coalition , pitting one tribe against another to essentially steal money from native america , and possibly the gangland style murder of his former business partner , the owner of sun cruises , when he complained about being defrauded in the sale of his cruise line.my advice , buy it used for historical purposes , not new . this guy has made more than enough money off the backs of the american people . let 's not forget how fear of communism was used to justify murder , racial segregation , perversion of the constitution , police state style abuses of civil rights , and many other crimes against humanity . let 's learn the lessons of history and preserve what is good about the usa . let this movie be a record of the power of hollywood to either perpetuate lies that are used to kill and abuse people , or to turn away from evil and tell the truth . let 's make a different legacy this time around
this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . i 'm not sure when this `` score '' was `` written '' , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition 's music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition .
the only reason why i stayed and watched the movie the whole way through was because i paid to see it . awful movie . not entertaining at all . it was just so poor . the animation was n't fantastic . political messages should n't be in children movies . not a good movie .
an incredibly bad film , whose only redeeming feature is lana clarkson , in ( and out of ) some skimpy outfits . she 's completely gorgeous , but even she ca n't save a disaster of a film . buy deathstalker instead
i find it almost incomprehensible in this more enlightened technological age that there are a very limited amount of your subscribers who are concerned about the appaling presentation of all but two of these movies and i also wonder as more and more older movies are being re-released enhanced for widescreen tvs that no one seems concerned that arguably the most classic of classical movie musicals remain in a truncated format that can not be properly watched if one has a widescreen tv . these movies scream out for the widescreen , they were made with the ultimate technology of the time to be seen as wide and as broard as possible . yet they remain stuck in a non anamorphic style that limits their enjoyment to anyone with a widescreen tv and , with one exception , all the people who have written about them dont seem to care . `` oklahoma '' , `` carousel '' , `` south pacific '' and `` king and i '' need to be updated to 16.9 anamorphic widescreen ( also preferably with some genuine extras and commentaries as well ) . fox are years behind the rest of the movie studios in this regard and have only recently started to adapt their films for the format of the future ( ie observe the two versions of `` an affair to remember '' ) of course , this is a major rip off , so anyone with a widescreen tv who has not bought these films -- hold off , coz sooner or later they will get a proper release ... how long ? that is anybody 's guess , but these postage stamp versions are an insult to anyone who knows anything of widscreen dvd technology ( `` sound of music '' is fine and `` state fair '' was made in non widescreen full screen format , an should be viewed with lines either side of the screen
it 's an interesting approach at what people will do for money . still , i hated it . john travolta was terrible [ as usual ] . lisa kudrow , who was the reason i watched this , was so incredibly unlike her role on `` friends '' as she was a murderous goldigging nympho-biatch who made you mad every time she was on screen . i was very disappointed with her performance . i ca n't believe this hilarious comedic actress went for such a ... part . the other supporting actors were no good either with the exception of bill pullman , who was pretty funny as the `` i could give a damn about it '' cop . the best thing about this movie though , is the cute , gullible waitress named wendy who 's only on screen about five minutes throughout the entire film . anyway , skip this one . it was just plain awful
this film , like most of his early work , is for hitchcock aficionados only . i am an admirer of hitchcock and also enjoy old british films , but i still found this movie tough going , not least because of the 110 mins running time . the picture quality of this laserlight dvd is not perfect , but it is perfectly watchable and probably a lot better than you 'd expect for the price . the musical score is also okay , but nothing to write home about . laserlight do however pose a mystery that hitch himself would have been proud of . this dvd has no commentary , no documentary and no trailer , not even one of those awful tony curtis intros . so why do laserlight describe this dvd as a 'special edition '
while visiting some family in utah a few years ago we decided to rent a few movies to pass the unforgivably hot mid-summer weather . we ended up renting `` analyze that '' and boy , what a mistake that was ! we were expecting at least a mildly funny sequel to 1999 's `` analyze this . '' the potential was there , it 's not as if writers ( of course it 's never a good sign to see numerous writers ) peter tolan , peter steinfeld , and harold ramis did n't have decent material to work with ; robert deniro , billy crystal , lisa kudrow , and a funny and entertaining plotline regarding mobsters and therapy . however , this being hollywood and all , another sequel was botched . it 's because of movies like these that sequels have such a bad reputation . despite a few genuine laughs in the first twenty minutes or so regarding deniro and some `` fish out of water '' situations , the movie seemed to go downhill soon after . the jokes became few and between as the film laboriously plowed its way through an over-the-top heist setup and execution that felt about as inspired as `` crossroads . '' now either they ran out of jokes , they did n't have enough time to invest in an actual story , or the material itself has been played out in so many different ways already ( `` the sopranos '' , `` the whole 9 yards '' , `` mickey blue eyes '' , etc . etc . ) , that there was simply nothing left to write about
the only reason i 'm reviewing this movie now is because i just watched it on tv today . and the only reason i watched it was because nothing else was on . so ... no , let 's be fair . i did enjoy analyze this , i really did , though it was n't a masterpiece that would remain with me for the rest of my life , or even for the rest of the day . and i do love both billy crystal and robert de niro ; they made a fantastic comedic duo in the first movie . i did n't have very high expectations , though , because i rarely expect too much of sequels . once again , i was proven right.analyze that illustrates perfectly why ` sequel ' sounds like such a dirty word . the original film had a spark of originality ; the sequel merely takes the same idea and the same jokes and tries to make them funny again . but of course , that could never work . it 's the same problem with almost every comedic sequel : those who have n't seen the original would n't understand the jokes , and those who have already heard them before . and that is why they fail time after time.so what does this movie have ? a great comedic duo , a couple of really funny guys . yeah , and ? fathers ' day had an even better pair , look what happened to that . a couple of good mafia jokes ? sure , sure . i even cracked a smile on several occasions . but that is n't enough . there are thousands of comedy films out there ; not many of them have that special something that makes them memorable , and producers think they 'll improve their odds by recycling the ones that work instead of trying to get new ideas . newsflash : think again . nobody watches these movies . there 's no reason to when you can just watch the original again
the next generation is basically a remake of the original texas chainsaw massacre , in fact up to an hour into the film the plot is practically identical , though different characters and locations are used . the original was a little overrated in my opinion and this `` remake '' is quite frankly terrible . bad acting with the exception of renee zellweger and matthew mcconaughy who do their best with a terrible script and several b movie actors . the only major differences from the original are that leatherface now dresses as a woman , which was fairly amusing but hardly essential , and a tacked on conspiracy theory.the conspiracy theory of a secret society only surfaces in the last half hour and is absolutely ridiculous , i wo n't explain it , theres no point , watch it yourself if you want to know how stupidly the film ends . i would sooner suggest avoiding this film completely though , even die hards admit its awful , i only gave it 2 stars because i reserve 1 star for the very worst of the worst ( yes even worse than this ! )
mustic river is the worst eastwood movie ever well the acting is very good over all but the movie is very boring long and very disturbing it sucks
let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , `` the descent '' was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , `` the descent '' '' the descent '' begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal.at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there.even though `` the descent '' was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . `` the descent '' is unrated and contains violence and language
i saw tarzan the ape man on hbo or cinemax when i was a teenager and it is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it was stupid and had no plot
i was disappointed with this longer version of the mill on the floss . i thought , being bbc and a long version it would be a definitive one , but i have to agree with the other reviewer . this version left out some very important events , and emotions seemed washed out rather than passionate and moving . i like long movies , but this dragged because it just does n't hold your attention . the 1997 masterpiece theatre version is so much more powerful , and keeps all important events intact , spending less time on maggie 's mother worrying about the fate of her china , and more on character and plot development , with a very haunting score . i really hope the other version is released on dvd-if so , i will probably donate this one to the library , because i ca n't quite see myself rewatching it . i would rather read the book , instead
i do n't consider myself a hardocre 50 cent fan , but i went out and bought this after getting a preview of it in an issue of xxl . it was n't all that entertaining . the documentary does n't really tell the people anything that we do n't already know . we 've seen all these videos before , but the video for `` heat '' is straight wack . the street version of that video is much better and somewhat funny . the show in detroit is n't entertaining at all unless you just get a kick out of 10 people on stage chanting the words right along with 50 while making it impossible to understand a word that 's being said . the sessions @ aol are straight pointless and why did we need an 8 mile dvd trailer ? the dvd borders on corny , but the cd is n't that bad . these are all songs that most diehard fans have already heard on his underground bootlegs , but i had not been able to find the `` 8 mile road ( g unit remix ) '' ever since i lost my underground cd . lloyd banks kills that track and that song is now contained on this cd / dvd release . if you 're a young buck fan , you should know that he 's nowhere to be found on this release . overall , the new breed is n't completely terrible , but it loses its novelty after one or two uses . the three songs on the cd are decent , but you probably have them already . i would only reccomend this to the die hard 50 cent / g unit fans
the only reason i gave this dvd set 2 stars , instead of the 5 that i would rate the show itself , is because there are absolutely no extras on this dvd set . no featurettes , no cast interviews , not even any episode commentaries . while i appreciate the studios putting the season sets out in such a timely manner , i 'd prefer they take a little longer and give us some fun extras to go along with the wonderful episodes
travolta was great in saturday night fever , but this country version just did n't work . although he 's a good actor , he just was wrongly cast in this film
overproduction and heavy use of repetitive `` special '' effects ( such as rothbart 's enlarged and projected image `` flying '' over the heads of siegfried and odette ) make this version of swan lake funny . anorexia `` survivor '' evelyn hart 's role as odette/odile makes watching the video painful . she is horribly gaunt and looks too fragile to be dancing : i was plagued with worries that she would collapse at any second . not worth the money , in my opinion
i bought basically , because i love denisee richards and daryl hanna , plus i like also valerie tasso , besides i am a fan of pierre woodman , they all appear on the film , among some well know adult stars like dora venter , rita faltoyano . but really the film is not good at all , it is slow , the elements do n't match . it is sometimes hard to follow . it is really not worth buying it
my objection was the implication that the `` stars '' played a part in the film . i felt that the picture was completely deceptive . ms richards and ms hanna had less than 15 minutes ( maybe a little more but not much and possible even less ) and were clearly there to fool the viewer . it was an interesting documentary about prostitution and it might have been an interesting and revealing film if the the stars had been left out and it was done only as a documentary
note that in my previous review , in which i commented on the dreadful dvd transfer , i was only referring to the `` that touch of mink '' dvd . the father goose dvd is not that bad
this is one of the worst edited documentary i have ever seen.you can not have a single shot spoiled with flashes , slow motion , and unnecessary digital fx . i have nothing against crazy editing when it is for a 3 min mtv music clip or a tv add . but on a 7 hours documentary you get airsick.if fine edited , all this interresting story could have been told in less than two hours.each episode has a more than 2 min introduction ... during the episodes you see some shots more than ten times.by the way , i am a very long time aviation enthousiast
the movie is a piece of art . one of my all time favorites . the extended edition dvd is very badly compiled . the bonus features are sub par with bad video quality . the alternate ending and beginning look like they are from a totally different film , and do not have the bi look and feel . other special features are small and without much substance . the extended edition of the film itself is not spectacularly extended . it is not a director 's cut ( the dvd states this upfront in the opening credits ) so it not fun to watch . do n't get this if you are looking for a lotr style extended edition
how can people like this piece of trash ? what a stinker ! i think the dad died from boredom after listening to his two idiot sons.and all that endless talk about `` the institute '' which looked like it was setup in someone 's garage.i can understand why some bikers would find this flick motivational.it motivated me to turn off the t.v . and go for a ride.i really believe this movie was produced by satan
like many of the reviewers here , i am an anne rice fan . however , i knew that there were going to be liberties taken and was comfortable with them . i mean , few of the `` dracula '' movies throughout the years have had anything to do with bram stoker 's novel . all i wanted - and expected - was a flashy , no substance guilty pleasure movie , a la `` dracula 2000 . '' that alone should tell you my expectations.but qotd failed even as a guilty pleasure . the storyline did n't make a lot of sense when taken on it 's own , and the acting was bad to bland . i also take issue with the badly-done look of the vampires . rice 's vampires are supposed to be beautiful , whereas this bunch looked like eurotrash or people at a halloween spook house.however , one good thing about this movie is the music videos for lestat . since the videos are included on the dvd , it earns 1 star
first of all , yes , this film was made in vancouver , with only a few shots of the manhattan skyline . when golden harvest was making this film , they had to try their best to shoot at angles that did n't show any mountains , and they had to paint grafitti each day and unpaint it each night . then jackie chan told them to simply forget all of that and focus on the action.well , action was what they focused on the most indeed . it sure is funny to see how the chinese thought of the united states at this time , because what you see in this film are hippies that drive around in trucks full of beach balls . you also get multi-ethnic gangs trashing places ( seriously , the gang has a native american with pigtails and a frayed jacket ! that 's almost offensive ) . you have fat cops that just sit around smoking cigars . you have random , small-crowd rock concerts where everyone is dressed up in animal suits ! bizarre indeed.as for the actions , this film has some of his best . the first fight scene in the grocery store is supurb , and graceful , using his jacket to dispatch enemies , and endlessly hitting the same guy in the nose over and over . he takes on the entire gang in a back alley before getting cornered , very impressive . this leads to a scene where he 's being chased around the streets of new york , where the entire gang , on motor cycles , try to run him over , and jackie must rely on his ability to run like the wind and climb like a monkey . he also does a dangerous stunt where he jumps from the roof of a parking garage onto a fire escape of another building . no harness or wiresupport ! the fight scene at the gang 's hideout is also one his best , using whatever object he can get his hands ont , and very acrobatic . also , jackie chan has to cling to a hovercraft while it drives on water and land ! some of this was done on a broken ankle ! if this dvd was uncut and undubbed , and had the original score , i 'd give it a total of three stars . unfortunately , for a so-so film , new line makes it worse . some of the dubbing is very bad . it seems as if new line dubbed some of the original english dialouge also . only very , very little of the original cantonese dialouge is there . also , the film 's original score has been redone to a more orchestrated score with slight rock . many , many scenes were cut from the original movie . not only that , but some of the action scenes were cut too . try and find an uncut version out there . this dvd you should stay away from
i bought the faith hill dvd to hear her sing but instead the songs were interrupted with talking . i would rather have had the talking put to one side and be able to place the music uninterrrupted . wish i could get my money back ! ! ! so spend your money on another dvd
when we tried to play the item on our dvd player the beginning and the end were all garbled and we had to return it . we ordered another copy direct from the manufacturer , which worked properly . i am upset that the full purchase price was not refunded . i can see deducting shipping and handling . but , a restocking charge -- that is outrageous ! the merchandise did not work properly and there was no offer made to replace it ! please remind me not to buy from amazon.com
i wonder if they 'll continue this to focus on the kid , the father , and the other people ? who really cares to be honest - such trash
this scooby-doo vhs is absoulty horrible ! ! it lacks exciting adventures and silly antics of the scooby-doo team too drawn out and serous not anough scary monsters or surprises ... too much boring details not anough silly actions that kids like ... .plus its higher cost i paid 9.95 trust me buy scooby-doo 2 or scooby-doo cyber chase those keep the kids glued to the t.v . very exciting just the way we want scooby doo to be ! !
we have a lawman who for no explained reason starts to investigate the cause of death of a man with 500,000 on him and it all goes down hill from there . there is no rhyme or reason to the story . i gave it two stars because the landscape is great
just look how many are for sale , thats got to be a clue on how horrible this film is . it has so much nudity and bad language it was disgusting . i fastforwarded about 70 % of the movie ! and what got me was on the back it says `` family-friendly '' im still laughing about that ! what has this world come to ? i would never let my kids watch it let alone anyone ! even my husband was disgusted and wanted me to write this review so some poor person does n't buy or rent this movie . im embarassed that i rented it ! please turn away now
i love britney so i went against the bad reviews ! man was i wrong it is sooooo bad ! ! its the worst dvd in history
never even seen tony jaa till the end ! ! ! save your money on this film. , it 's not worth it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i suggest watching the original version : sword of doom - which is amazing . a lot less acid is involved , and less cliche . izo is a rent , at best
got ta love the flashback to the sixties that is reflected in every scene of this movie ( of course , it was just a product of its time -- the mid-60s -- it 's not a film trying to recapture the era..it is the era ) . still the storyline is slim and the going slow . interesting scenes appear here and there . the parts are definitely better than the whole . there 's an intriguing idea in here it just never gets developed as it should . actually , thinking about it in retrospect is more interesting than watching it was . it 's subtle , i 'll grant you that . and a nice character study ... .and yet ... . ? we were counting the minutes left in the film by the end ( `` only 25 minutes left in the film and then we can get back to our lives ! '' ) so that 's not a good sign
i was so excited when this dvd came out hoping to get the four pittsburgh steelers highlight films from the '70s . 98 % of all this material is already included in the super bowl collection sets put out last year on dvd . why wo n't nfl films step up and give us more ? ? ? this should be a steeler-specific box set , not some rehash of the entire season for all teams ... come on steve sabol ; give us what we want ! !
the ordering , speed of delivery were great , but there was one huge problem which ruined all the good points . the wrong movie was delivered . i ordered honeymoon in vegas and received leaving las vegas . and it was too late to return the movie and receive the replacement in time for christmas . so that was bad
what a horrendous experiment in comedy ... if you like jerry lewis , i guess you 'll love this travesty of a film . if you are a film snob , you will love it . personally , as neither , i am grossly disappointed and just really did n't get `` the joke . '' it was trite and dull ... .there was no point ... .the plot ... technology encroaching on humanity ... .well , good try , but again not for me . if i am looking for a laugh , i will watch a good coen brothers film
this could have been an excellent documentary , but the makers of it decided to distort history rather than present it honestly . this is particularly true in the way it depicts sparta as being some kind of womyn 's power state which is absurd . somewhat comically , the narrator enhances the story of sparta by telling the story of its women which is quite trendy and also totally bogus . she tells us of laconic girls and their supposeed bi-sexuality . hughes states that it would be a mistake to think of it as a `` feminist wonderland , '' but that 's exactly what is implied . i do n't know how these other reviewers missed all the laughable politicizing such as : `` fighting wars is a soft option compared to going home to mother . '' yeah right ! unless of course , husbands who shave their wives heads and leave after inseminating them count as amounting to the progressive ideal . pretending people of the past had the sensibilities we do is disgraceful . to many counter-culturalists , history has no value if it is not used for the purposes of advancing a political program . unfortunately , that is precisely what we have here in this spoiled work . as for bettany hughes , i agree that she is quite attractive , but she is an awful narrator as she at times is downright giddy . hers is not the type of personality that should be discussing sparta -- i 'll take victor davis hanson any day over her . i recommend that you skip this one and look for something which quotes actual historians .
this is the first and only dvds i will buy from this company . this could be possibly the worst instructional videos that you could buy . i learned absolutely nothing , and the women were disgusting . trust me do not buy this dvd if your life depends on it .
i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm .
i 'm a huge don cheadle fan , but this film is unworthy of him . [ people ] who claim that it 's a story about racism either do n't understand the film or do n't understand racism . basically , here 's the plot : the character played by mekhi pfeiffer is an unwitting accomplice in a botched armed robbery that leaves three people dying on the floor of a grocery store . rather than summon help for the others , all pfeiffer can think to do is help himself to the money in the cash register . he is caught , and in the ensuing trial the prosecutor calls him an animal because of his depraved indifference to human life . that is supposed to be the psychological turning point in the film , because pfeiffer 's family insists on proving that he 's no animal and can take his punishment -- in this case , death -- with his head held high . yeah , right . guess what ? he is an animal , and if the story had involved all-black or all-white characters , racism would n't be an issue . a more compelling question : if pfeiffer 's family was so concerned with his `` dignity , '' why did n't they teach him moral values in the first place
i never received this product and the order tracker never displayed the 'problem with this order ? ' icon . they stole my $ 20.00 and now have the nerve to ask me about the product . its bad enough i am stuck in iraq , now i have my money stolen . they are thieves . even if i had to return it , i still may have received a refund . do not buy from this seller , i could never report it and now i am out 20 $ . do not purchase from this seller
the first two seasons of chef ! are absolutely brilliant and some of the most entertaining television one will ever watch . season three , however , is virtually unwatchable - they changed director , changed from film to video tape , replaced many of the actors and the result is perhaps the fastest downfall of a great series in television history . i would avoid seasons three like the plague but do check out the first two seasons .
this movie was cheeseball beginning to end ... i thought the concept was corny even before i watched it but decided to give it a try anyway . big mistake . a robot who can love ? lame ! and with all this high tech stuff the docs ca n't bring the couple 's real son out of a coma ( or whatever was wrong with him ) so the parents forget all about him and get some robot kid who can 'love ' but lacks the common sense of a human making him a danger to himself and everyone..brialliant plan ( especially considering the amount of orphan human kids there must be in this messed up futuristic world ) ..then the real son wakes up and comes home and thats when the problems with the robot kid begin . the family decides they do n't want the robot and the mom 'loves ' him so much she dumps him somewhere instead of sending him back to the lab to be humanely disposed of ... it was then i knew i was smelling a stinker but nooooo someone else wanted to watch it till the end until he soon found out the horrible truth ... i have since nicknamed it artificial idiocy ... the worst part was the end , ugh , i do n't even want to get into it but those of you who see the title of my review above and have seen the movie know what i mean . the whole plot was muddled and full of holes with no sense of realism . for those of you who have not seen it , i suggest renting it before you buy it . maybe this movie is great for some people , it just was n't my thing .
jet li as a contrac killer ? come on ! the reason why this movie is n't that famous is because it pretty much sucks . it 's just a shootem up bang bang type of movie . no realy kung fu here
this woman may have a great body , but she can not teach dancing for anything . in the 35 minute 'cardio dance ' portion , dance steps are taught frustratingly fast ( and this is from somebody that enjoys dancing ! ) . it took so long to figure out the steps -- which are not your 'typical ' exercise or step class steps -- that i shut the dvd off and jumped on the treadmill . the two 15 minute hip and thigh workouts are a little better , but you really need to do them both back-to-back to feel any benefits . i would say this is a good video for anybody thats got lots of patience to learn the moves and an alternate workout for the first few times you run the dvd , because you 'll get no benefit from the workout while trying to figure out what she 's doing . save your money !
this movie certainly had some strong actors and actresses in it and that with an interesting storyline landed it on my viewing list.overall , i was somewhat disappointed with this film . i figured there would be a little more real suspense or `` thrill '' but it never materialized and instead just followed many of the usual plot events . the biggest failure was the completely unneccessary cheesey romance between eastwood and russo . it was contrived , lame , and almost laughable . i had to rub my eyes to make sure i wasnt having a nightmare ! john malkovich does a great job as the wackjob and is totally convincing in this role . unfortunately the script didnt do him enough justice and even his character did some staple moves . clint eastwood was great as always but he did play his usual self . no problem here though , clint was solid.the film just fizzled as it went along and it started to get tiresome towards the very end . the climax was rather anti-climactic except for the shooting scene which was kind of cool although i saw it coming a mile away . there was not as much suspense as i was hoping for and the `` thrill '' was mostly missing.what else can i say , watch it and make your own decision but overall i was not that impressed and the film let me down a bit after such glowing reviews
this movie is so dumb that it 's as good with the sound off as with the sound on . the only reason to watch it is to observe the extreme beauty of both leads . a plot as old as the written word could still form the basis of an ok movie with a good script , but this script has no charm , no wit , no nothing
after having read the book and waiting in anticipation when it first came out , i was extremely disappointed . the movie very well could be alright on its own merits , but the books plot is very different and much more suspenseful
if you believe in the devil , and i mean *really* believe in the devil , i ca n't think of one good reason why you 'd want to summon the devil into this world . at worst , he 's purported to be the father of lies , and one of the fallen angels . this means that anything he tells you is suspect , anything he gives you is suspect , and he probably has the power to make you believe in him . yikes . not a safe trip . not a terribly sane trip , for that matter.yet that is precisely what boris balkan ( frank langella ) desired . he had one copy of `` the nine gates of the kingdom of shadow '' , and there were three extant . one or all of these books is a forgery , and one or all holds the secret to summoning satan . he hires corso ( played a bit too understated by johnny depp ) to research the other texts.the movie is based on the novel `` the club dumas '' by arturo perez reverte , which i favorably reviewed.i ca n't give a similar review to the ninth gate for a number of reasons . first , depp 's portrayal of corso was one dimensional , and corso was a multi-dimensional character . whether that 's the filmmaker 's fault or depp 's i do n't know , but depp 's corso was a dreadful bore.a mysterious girl appeared and became an ally of his , demonstrating supernatural abilities . we are never given ample evidence as to why she might have had an interest in helping corso , or in what her abilities might have been ( never mind her identity ) . yet since this is a character from the book , i know why she was there , i have a pretty good idea who she was ( and good job to the author on how he handled that ! ) and her character 's interests and abilities could have been better communicated , with very little difficulty.also , in a rather silly departure from the book ( departures are fine ... i 'm not being a book snob ) , they substitute an average sized platinum-blonde haired black male for a character in the book who was tall , white , and physically imposing . there 's nothing that irritates me more than a `` quota substitute '' . i do n't think this particular sub had any speaking lines , which makes it that much more of an insult.i love intelligent thrillers . ( i did n't care for the da vinci code . ) this was a thriller that spent time in libraries , that examined woodcuttings drawn , perhaps , by lucifer himself - yet i was n't engaged.in 1999 , when the film was released , i could n't sit through it . after reading the club dumas and then discovering that there was a connection between the two , i approached the film again , hoping that understanding where the book was coming from would help . it did not . in fact , it raised more questions.i would give this movie 2.5 stars and round it up to 3 ; however , i 'm reviewing the dvd and the dvd gets a big spanking for not having subtitles . there 's no excuse , in this day and age , for a mainstream dvd not to offer subtitles .
fifty-five minutes into this film , after freya ( jane march ) listens to the beast 's explanation of his current condition -- it is the punishment of odin for killing a bear -- she says , `` what does it mean ? it makes no sense . '' although there is still half an hour yet to come , these eight words pretty much sum up this low-budget variant of `` beauty and the beast . '' the very title blood of beasts ( plural ) makes no sense . the film shows us only one beast -- a kind of man-bear -- and he is a revived and metamorphosed version of odin 's pet bear , blended or fused with the man who killed it . academic scholars might argue that swaggering-but-cowardly sven ( played by william gregory lee ) is a kind of beast as well ( thus giving us two beasts ) , but we have no way of knowing what the writer and director intended . most likely the title was devised by somebody in the marketing department who had not seen the film . surely the blurb on the back of the dvd 's hard case was written by another marketing person who never watched it either ; e.g. , it is untrue that freya `` must undertake a deadly battle when her father and fiance are captured by a tormented monster . . . cast out by his people . '' nor is it true that `` the beast [ singular ] . . . battles with freya for his redemption . '' further , expect no truth in these grand-sounding words : `` prepare for the ultimate tale of love and sacrifice , damnation and salvation . '' btw , the front of the hard case has a fake sepia picture of jane march/freya shooting an arrow in an impossible manner : the arrow 's shaft is two or three inches above her hand that 's gripping the bow . with one exception , the acting is a perfect match for the script : laughably poor . the exception is the beast ( played by david dukas ) . one is tempted to quip that only this role has `` teeth '' ; the fact is that only his role permits audio engineers ( or whoever ) to enhance the actor 's voice electronically , only his role required serious make-up , and only his role required a `` special effect '' ( his morphing back to agnar , which every semi-conscious viewer , by a third of the way into the film , knew was coming ) . other viewers have commented on the comical tropical setting of this viking saga and the laughable `` ships . '' most preposterous is the tiny skiff that freya and ingrid ( candice hillebrand ) use to rescue king thorsson ( greg melvill-smith ) . on the island , the beast possesses an iron cage ( which clearly has been welded together using 20th- or 21st-century equipment ) ; when the king is confined in it , it can only be secured from the outside -- and yet , when freya is put inside it for her own protection at night , only she has control of its locking device . how convenient . the costumes are also anacronistically interesting , but only ms. march 's deserve extended comment . when we first see her , she is wearing a little black viking bikini as she swims with friends ; then , besides flimsy chain mail , we see her in an array of gowns that seem to be fashoned from finely woven or knit fabrics -- the final one being most noteworthy for its sequined molded push-up bra-top . lest this review seem too harsh , a few individuals connected with this film deserve special mention for their outstanding contributions : mark thomas , who composed the viking music ; rob bishop , one of the focus pullers ; ryan lotter and steven ndlovu , two clapper loaders ; andrew gribble , a grip ; ben phiri , the generator operator ; guy bonner , transport manager ; johannes sithole , fabrication assistant ; kirsty taylor , prosthetics ; maxmillian van der merwe , standby set dresser ; dirk knoesen , stand-by [ sic ] carpenter ; sally van der merwe , scenic artists [ sic ] ; janine wyatt-mair , stunt performer ; grace sibiyo , seamstress ; diane allen , hair supervisor ; bianca , trainee make-up assistant ; ian thysse , medic ; and mark ferda , who did double duty as both dialogue editor and re-recording mixer . oh , one more thing : after coming out of her cage in the morning , jane march seems to have a nude swim in the sea , which the poor beast views from hiding , far-far-far away
i have watched this movie along with many other jet li films . to be very honest with you this movie is one that you can keep out of your collection . i was so caught up in the title that i really was expecting much more from the film . but i was very disappointed to say the least . the movie takes place in the early eighties . when gangs dressed in leather with chains , carrying spray paint and break danced occasionally . this was not the type of movie that i was expecting jet li to be in . if you want some real action packed jet li pick up the contract killer which will give you alot more for your money trust me you want be disappointed
that 's all i could think of when my family and i sat down to watch this movie together . we had told the story to our children about the miraculous staircase built without nails in a small chapel in santa fe . the story itself is so powerful and moving . built in the 1870s , the chapel was nearly complete when it became apparent the choir loft stairs would not fit . the sisters ' prayed a novena to st. joseph and on the ninth day their prayers were answered when a mysterious carpenter arrived , built the `` miraculous '' staircase , and then disappeared without being paid . the staircase is a double helix with no visible support . it 's 23 feet tall and makes two 360 degree spirals , and the wood used is not a known wood in any area near santa fee ! this movie however is about a mother superior who has faith but harbors real resentment towards indians and also likes to curse ( how this has anything to do with the actual story i still have no idea ! ) . at one point when a nun is `` shocked '' to hear mother curse mother surperior responds `` oh margret get off the cross and get down here with the rest of us '' . when the mysterious carpenter shows up and starts to build the staircase , the architect and the contractor decide that this is a bad thing and threaten to kill the carpenter . meanwhile this carpenter who is sent by `` god '' builds the staircase with wood that does n't work , is arrested after being falsly accused of attempted murder , and leaves everyone to believe vandalls destroyed the staircase when in fact he originally destroyed it before rebuilding it better . in the end the staircase is built and this mother superior ( who is on death 's door ) is so moved that she literally crawls up the staircase in a very `` weird '' / '' uncomfortable '' scene until she reaches the choir loft and dies . wow , inspiring.the best thing i could think of is this director and writer took a wonderful and moving story and turned it into a hollywood flop . this was obviously written , directed , and produced by people who have no idea how the staircase was built but are pretty darn sure it was n't a miracle because hey , miracles just do n't happen . the acting was pretty good but the story was junk . unfortunately i bought this movie . if you are looking for a true inspirational movie that you can watch with your family , rent or buy mother theresa with olivia hussey . hands down the best saints movie every filmed . half way through the movie my 5 year old says out loud `` wow , she really cares about everybody ! '' inspirational movie , compared to this disappointment
there are not many movies i have switched off after the first 30 minutes , but this is one of them , and i recommend you rent this one first before you buy or else you might have a nasty surprise
imagine someone combining the scripts for zardoz and independence day and letting a troupe of inebriated special education students control the acting and directing ... .then you would have battlefield earth.it is so bad it actually has some entertainment value which elevates it to two stars.you become mesmerized as you sit back and consider that this is the end result of john travolta putting his heart and soul into a project . just awful . if battlefield earth and pluto nash were humans they would deserve to be executed
the american dream is an appealing myth , no doubt . the idea that anybody can come from anywhere and strike it rich in america sounds great . the problem , as george carlin put it , is that you have to be asleep to believe in it . so instead of representing opportunity for everybody it has become code for greed at all costs . and that is where `` belly '' comes in , an ode to thug live and all the riches that come with it . this urban drama stars dmx ( perpetually rapping ) , nas , and method man and they would have you believe that they earned their cash by selling drugs and pimping as opposed to selling out to record companies . the story barely exists and seemed like a burden for the director who just wanted endless shots of people having sex and smoking drugs . when the plot does poke its head up i picked up on a criminal enterprise that moved shop from queens to omaha . once there the cops get involved and people start getting shot . one couple tries to escape to africa , but find it easier said than done . and tommy ( dmx ) is sent on a mission to kill a minister . but really this film is about selling a lifestyle that does n't even exist . come on now , i 've known drug dealers in my day , and they did n't live in large gaudy mansions . . . rap stars do . rather they live in shacks or their parent 's basement . if my response to the film seems lukewarm it is because it is . the directing by hype williams is n't that bad . he is able to capture some beautiful images and uses a few creative camera tricks . the lighting never seems quite right , but i 'm gon na let that one slide . as a man who has always called for more sex and drugs in films i can hardly complain about their presence here . there people are living life to the fullest and are certainly not being weighed down by bourgeois conventions . all that said this film still fully deserves the big no vote that i am going to give it . as the most nihilistic person i know i am surprised to report that this one really seemed lost . any image they could flash on the screen that would appeal to the wannabes in the audience was used . the n and f words are used to comedic proportions . their palaces that represent their gluttony are turned into war zones and destroyed for no good reason . and then , on top of it all , we have to listen to the characters wax philosophical on how leading this life somehow places them on a higher plain than the rest of us . sorry man , but just because you sell drugs instead of stocks does n't make you any less slimy than those wall street hacks . you 're still a businessman . this film is not worth watching . any social point that is made is made accidentally , and any filmmaking skills the director may have are lost under his love fest for all things gangsta . **1/4
as has been noted , this formula has been filmed several times , most recently as `` you 've got mail '' , with tom hanks and meg '' trout pout '' ryan . of the several versions , `` in the good old summertime '' is my least favorite . the problem i think is that the studio coasted on the stars charisma , which does n't quite cut it here . the chemistry betwixt the two leads never comes to a boil in this movie . there are no real sparks . van johnson and judy garland remind me of day old donuts , pleasant but stale . and when the leads are boring the rest of the movie can only follow . judy in particular is disappointing . she looks like she has no neck ! i do n't know if she was having trouble with pain or something but she looks like a turtle trying to pull it 's head into it 's shell , all hunched up and everything . i could n't figure out what van johnson was getting so hot about . i would have made a bee line for that cute violin player . and van was n't great either . i 've always thought of him as a rather generic hollywood leading man and he does n't do anything to dispel that image here . if you 're a fan of the stars or the early 1900 's then you might like this movie . but there are a lot more entertaining romantic comedies out there , and they offer you much more than a mouthful of stale confection
ca n't add much to the discussion about the movie , but wanted to say that this dvd listed does not contain a widescreen presentation of school daze . it says it has both full screen and widescreen , but it doesnt
i was also disappointed with this dvd , as is seemed to be a popular choice among amazon shoppers . i think the title , `` yoga for beginners '' is misleading , as this dvd contains many advanced yoga routines . also , on the back of the dvd it said it contained a `` core workout 20 min . '' but no such workout is actually on the dvd ! i purchase the `` pilates for inflexible people '' at the same time as this dvd , and i much prefer it . although , i wish i 'd known that two of the workouts from the pilates dvd were on the yoga dvd before i bought them both .
i did not like this dvd at all . it requires too many props such as bricks , belts , towels , blankets , chairs , etc ... each pose takes too long due to lengthy explanations . as a beginner i find this too boring and studio based and unable keep my attention . i feel it was a waste of money and do n't recommend it
what a great cast ! i mean looking at this line up you just have to watch this movie , right ? after it starts it is so mesmerizingly awful that you still have to watch it , although you are shaking your head in disbelief ! stunning ! you 've never seen anything quite like it ! if you are a fan of the campy awful , you may see it as a masterpiece , if not you will still have a unique viewing experience.proceed at your own risk ! borrow or rent it before plunking down your hard earned cash to buy it.did i mention the great cast ? so many of my favorites ... even goodman ca n't save this clunker
terrible movie ... i really like denzel washington as an actor but in this movie it was very dissapointing ... he is much better when he plays to be a good person that fights for justice and what is right
sorry to disagree with all those reviewers who loved this movie , but peter sellers did many better films than this . `` dr. strangelove '' was the masterpiece . `` being there '' is an underrated and understated sendup of how things happen in washington . `` the world of henry orient '' ( at last on dvd ! ) is priceless but virtually unknown , with delicious performances from sellers and especially his teenage tormentors . finally , the `` pink panther '' series is much better slapstick than `` after the fox , '' which has many famous , talented participants but is mostly silly , unfortunately not as hilariously and frenetically silly as clouseau & co. one irritant was the repetition and prolongation of gags and situations , as if we might not notice them otherwise . i agree with other reviewers that victor mature does as well as possible with the role he is allotted , and martin balsam does okay with his stuff , too . when watching this film , i kept thinking the same thoughts as when attending a mediocre restaurant -- i could have cooked up something better than this myself for a lot less money
i had not realized what great performers michael flatley , colin dunne and jean butler were until i watched this version of riverdance . the lead dancers in this version are not in the same league and much of the performance is sloppy compared to previous versions . what made riverdance great for me was the precision , timing , and dancers dancing togeather in the irish dance numbers . it is all gone here . try `` riverdance : live from new york city '' or the video tape `` riverdance : the show '' instead . this version should not have been released
this is a godawful movie , a waste of several million bucks by universal and whoever else was responsible . they could have paid my salary for my entire career for what it cost them to make this moronic notion to capitalize on what some executive must have decided was the `` sexy '' health club craze of the 80s . actors doing calisthenics in tights do not a feature film make . lucas or spielberg or a mailroom clerk could have told them so .
$ 23 for the chinese version and the english subtitles are mad . the english subtitles available on american cable television enhance the drama so tape off of cable . i do n't regret this purchase because i think drama sets should be $ 25 tops and the camera is so clear on this dvd compared to what is seen on american cable that you can really see how old the teenagers are . it made for a more enjoyable viewing experience for me when i did n't really care for it when it was mistier and flawless on cable . so what if there are a lot of matching fat scarves and sweaters in this series ? i do n't get the appeal of this show at all . i thought it was really slow . my favorite part was a barfing drunk girl in the background of one scene but otherwise i felt my hair turning white watching the characters walk and walk , breath in , breathe out , and ponder ponder . i think the phenomenon of the show 's popularity is a tidge more interesting than the show but it is still boring boring boring . just thinking about this show , strips another layer of elasticity from my heart . it 's so boring . p.s . this drama got a 20 % rating domestically but sam soon and jang geum scored 50 % . hahaha
coming out at the same time as ken russell 's rather more amusing valentino , the world 's greatest lover suffers from gene wilder 's sporadic tendency to mistake the grotesque for the side-splitting . thus we get the odd huge close-up of mouths covered in shaving foam and a lot of tiresome hysteria and tongues . we also get far more of dom deluise mugging away as if semaphore were back in fashion than is strictly necessary , though he 's not as ott here as in sherlock holmes ' smarter brother , for which we can at least be grateful . unfortunately , we get much more of wilder 's tendency to mistake hysteria for the hysterical - when in doubt , shout seems to be his motto - with wilder adding a nervous tic that sees him stick out his tongue when he gets nervous . and he gets nervous a lot . be still my aching ribs ... it 's a reworking of fellini 's near career killing early flop the white sheik , even including a felliniesque lineup of hookers at a bus stop in one scene , only without fellini 's restraint ( yes , you did read that right ) , with wilder 's unemployed baker heading for hollywood to enter a screen test to find the next valentino while his young wife seeks out the real thing . wilder does acknowledge the debt in a screen credit that 's part thank you to ` my friend ' , but seems more name-dropping in a film that comes across as something of a vanity project - certainly with wilder starring , writing , directing , producing and even writing a song for the film , it 's fair to say where the buck stops on this one . one of those films that at once offers fairly lavish period production design but often a complete lack of understanding of silent cinema - yes , we do get sped-up comedy scenes - it 's definitely pre-kevin brownlow 's hollywood , which completely destroyed most of the then-common myths about silent cinema that this embraces . indeed , anachronisms abound , with the feel ( and the songs ) often more thirties than twenties , which perhaps would n't matter quite so much if it were all funnier . it 's not a total disaster - there 's the odd good line ( a conductor announcing `` hollywood , home of the stars and several featured players '' ) , a nicely natural performance from carol kane before she became a mess of mannerisms to rival wilder and it does offer a once-in-a-lifetime chance to see james hong playing a norwegian ( or is it svedish ? ) studio executive , complete with excellent accent . ( also to be glimpsed among the bit parts in the supporting cast are danny de vito as an assistant director , billy sands - paparelli in sergeant bilko - as a studio guard and , as the boss of a bakery , david huddleston , here billed as ` michael huddleston 's father ' ! ) fox 's dvd offers a decent 1.85:1 widescreen transfer as well as a fullscreen version , with optional original mono or remastered stereo mixes . aside from the theatrical trailer and trailers for three other wilder films ( young frankenstein , sherlock holnes ' smarter brother and silver streak ) the only extra is an audio commentary by wilder that is so sparing and uninformative that you 'll wonder if you clicked the wrong button on your menu
holly played by kristen miller ( she spies , man of the year ) has a nice career as a journalist with her friend played by brooke burns ( baywatch , death of the supermodels ) . the 2 of them fight over the owner of a restaurant named zucas ( i think thats close enough ) runned by actor tod babcock ( guard dogs , poor white trash ) . when holly gets pissed off at her friend because she slept with mr. babcock she tries to find a new place to live and low and behold she finds a new shy roommate tess , played by allison lange ( the hillside strangler , roswell ) . holly becomes close to tess and they seem to hit it off real well , until holly finds out some things about tess that makes her think that maybe this wasnt such a good idea . well , in 1992 , jennifer jason leigh did this to bridget fonda and now they make a sequel about it , wow , they must of went threw tons of scripts just to get to this one . pretty much the young girls on screen are eye candy and the acting is pretty bad plus the twists and thrills arent that great . this can go down with basic instinct 2 ... .in the trash can or the skeet shoot , one of the two . also starring francois giroday ( carpool guy , framed ) , tracey mccall ( not another teen movie , second degree ) , rif hutton ( osmosis jones , halfway decent ) and kyme ( school daze , geppetto ) .
i found the singing in the soundtrack so utterly intolerable that i had to quit watching this after about 20 % of the video . the movie seemed like it would have been nice otherwise ( about a 4 ) . the sound of the singing was very grating & harsh to my ears ; since it was almost continous it made watching the video impossible . it also seemed to add little to the film in terms of content . the photography & art direction were exquisite
2 1/2 stars.this is a very good concert teaming up a pre- '' grammy '' santana with wayne shorter of weather report fame . great rhythm section , drums , conga , timbale . top notch musicians , first rate performance , very entertaining . my big problem comes with the quality of the dvd . i do n't see the excellent picture others are raving about and when it comes to the audio options even if the back cover states dd 2.0 , dd 5.1 and dts , the menus are showing something else ( dd2.0 , dts 2.0 and dts 5.1 ) but neither dts stream seem to be working . only dd stereo works . i own close to 200 dvd 's and all work fine , dts and all . bought it directly from amazon , i had it replaced and the new one is the same . this is not part of the great live at montreux series productions which are all great , no matter how old the concert is.so the 2 1/2 stars overall rating comes from 4 star performance combined with a 1 star dvd quality .
equilibrium is a curate 's egg - its best parts are not good throughout , and its worst aspects make erratic appearances . the acting is really the least of its problems ; the cardinal failure was a script that could not decide what kind of movie it wanted to be when it grew up . equilibrium , however poorly , aspires to be a dystopian film , and there exists a dystopian formula at work in fiction and film alike . such a formula was employed magnificently in michael radford 's adaptation of george orwell 's 1984 . contrarily , films imperil themselves in discarding the formula as evidenced by alfonso cuaron 's junky adaptation of p.d . james ' the children of men . there are essentially three parts to this formula . first , there must be a depiction of a believable society , and plausible justifications for its existence . the author or script writer must paint vividly , yet remain nuanced , since at this stage his purpose is to show the reader or viewer , without yet telling him the philosophy underlying it . second , two-thirds of the way through there must be a conversation between protagonist and antagonist , which formally unveils the ethical dilemma . here , the protagonist offers his alternative , usually an acknowledgement of the humane . third , the dystopian resolution lies in the protagonist 's choice : he must surrender to the system , rebel against it , or be conquered by it . the ending , if it is not tragic in the classical sense , must be ambiguous ; if it is ended happily , it is no longer a matter for the reader or viewers ' thoughts : the problem has been resolved , and he may retire from it and become forgetful of it . libria , the society depicted in equilibrium , is a post-apocalyptic society wherein feeling has been criminalized under the pretext that human feelings , and the actions carried out on their behalf , represent the fons et origio of man 's inhumanity to man . the objective of outlawing sentiments is the preservation of peace . is this believable ? ultimately , it is not because the viewer is given no other reason for this society to exist , no justification for its brutality except that it is by this method alone that peace may be preserved . however , a desire for peace is predicated on an aversion to war , and aversion is something we principally feel . a more believable premise would have been the prohibition of certain feelings , but it is also unbelievable because it is inconsistent . the protagonist ( john preston , a member of the grammaton cleric , an elite government agency for enforcing laws against so-called ` sense-crimes ' ) marries , begets children , hesitates in killing his partner - what point would there be in any of this in a society that had eliminated feeling ? and , if we are being generous , and suppose that this was done intentionally so as to say , `` you can never entirely eliminate feeling , '' it fails still ; because if the denizens of libria were n't completely devoid of feeling , they could n't be as cowed as they are depicted . instead , countless times throughout the film characters make comments , statements , enquiries that can only have as their possible source or response an emotion . to have had characters who were truly apathetic , or for whom the fictitious drug prozium was effective , they would have had more in common with star trek 's borg . the backdrop for this dystopia , then , lacks subtlety or nuance . from the first fifteen seconds of film , the viewer ethically objects - it remains tediously manichean throughout . the viewer is given a straw man and immediately begins tearing it down and the only suspense is literally in waiting for what we know will happen.in brave new world , it is mustapha mond 's conversation with john the savage . in 1984 , it is o'brien 's talk with winston smith . in the children of men , it is a debate between theo and the xan . in equilibrium , the formal unveiling of the ethical dilemma happens in a haphazard way throughout , culminating in a fight scene that lacks the awe inspired by the matrix three years before . here was the moment for the `` talky '' bit of the film , the sophisticated counter-punch , the moral awakening , the vindication of the human ; instead , the viewer is given another low-brow , hollywood denouement . john preston does nothing to justify his alternative to the totalitarian status quo - there is no bit of dialogue with father where lines are spoken which conveys the notion that `` feelings are essential to thought , '' or that `` peace has been obtained at a terrible price . '' all the loose ends , littered liberally throughout the film , are never addressed : why have art in libria ? why does father intonate , and raise the pitch of his voice to manipulate the masses in a scene reminiscent of a leni riefenstahl propaganda film ? a better film would have acknowledged these scenes , and defended their inclusion in a climatic dialogue between john preston and father ( or dupont as it turns out ) . the conclusion of equilibrium can be summarized as follows : `` good guy kills bad guys , sixty-second revolution ensues , people can feel again , hero smiles , time to go to bed . '' there was n't ever a genuine ethical dilemma anyway : what was wrong was obviously wrong , and what was right was intuitively right . the viewer never believed the reasons libria came to be , or at least they never found them plausible in the way they found huxley 's , orwell 's , james ' , zamyatin 's , or koestler 's explanations . in equilibrium it was all simply the soft groundwork prepared for the banal , unoriginal action movie to follow . the plot , then , was in some respects as shallow as the tendentious storylines in soft-core porn films : they need n't be sensical because no one is interested in the story , but rather for the titillation , arousal , and amusement . many viewers of equilibrium are fans of flashy action sequences ( a majority of whom were not disappointed as their reviews attest ) ; but for those seeking a fuller cinematic experience , equilibrium is an unfortunate disappointment . during the film a woman asks preston , `` why are you alive ? '' preston responds with the bureaucratically sterile answer , `` i 'm alive to safeguard the continuity of this great society . to serve libria . '' `` it 's circular . you exist to continue your existence . what 's the point ? '' she asks . and , what 's the point is exactly the point about this film .
i bought the dvd hoping to see one skit -- the funniest one my family had ever seen on snl . we had it recorded on vhs many many years ago and somehow lost it . but we would sit and laugh until we cried watching the skit where phil played the drill sargeant who came up with nicknames for his new recruits -- `` smiling laughing joking around man '' ... `` man who reminds me of my doggie '' ... `` hair head ! '' i thought for sure that the funniest skit in all of snl history would be on there , but no ... it was just a 20 second clip . i was so disappointed ! ! and it was quite surprising to see some of the skits they chose to show in their entirety ... they just were n't funny . on a positive note , there was a serious song and dance number at the very end of the dvd that was so sweet , it brought me to tears . and the bonus featuring phil 's audition was quite interesting . but overall , i do n't recommend it .
my hd-dvd also does not work on the 360 add on . i tried the press ok and everything else i could think of . this disk just freezes right after the production logo when it should be going to the menu . this is the only hd-dvd disk that i 've had a problem with and i have about 10 of them . i did n't purchase the chicago disk as i already have it and did n't think it was worth the hd purchase . i did purchase the eagles hd-dvd and it is excellent . that one also has a trick to it . it defaults to a pcm stereo file so you have to triger it to the dts on mode and then it is amazing . i hope its true that microsoft is working on a patch for heart . i saw them last year and they were fantastic . not as good as the old days but neither am i . they still surprised me that they sounded sooo good . **** update**** since amazon does n't have acceptible response.e-mail from distributor image entertainment received 2-13-07 : dear davethank you for you inquiry . we apologize for the inconvenience you are experiencing with our product , but the problem is not with the software . this issue is isolated to the xbox add-on , as our product plays as intended on all stand-alone players . our replicator initially found this problem and has been working directly with microsoft and they are close to resolving this issue . we remain in communication with both the replicator and microsoft and we believe that an announcement will be made as soon as a firmware upgrade is available , after which time , your disc will play as intended.again , we apologize for this temporary inconvenience . thank youdedra l deancustomer service representativeimage entertainmenthope this helps you all . it made me happy !
this has a run down of the colts season from game one to the super bowl.thats it.do not expect the super bowl without commercials and edited down because thats not what this is.very disappointing.the afc championship game of the week is just a post game show.i would have loved to see at least the 2nd half of that game.it was better then the super bowl.the only good things where the few extras with manning and harrison wired for sound.i hope there is a better one come'n cause this is not worth much
five stars for the movie one star for this dvd because it is missing the key scene when clara talks to her parents in their bedroom after marty drops her off . the dvd cuts from clara putting her key in the door to marty walking to the bus stop . why the scene is cut i have n't a clue
this is the french x-rated version of 99 women , directed by jess franco . the running time of this feature is 98 minutes , which means that this is probably the longest , least censored version of the film that is available . the story involves a women ` s island prison , a sadistic female warden , a lustful male governor , and the young , lovely female inmates . can you see where this is heading ? there are scenes of extreme sexuality ( especially when you consider the film was released in 1969 ) which include ( ... ) . my big problem with this movie is that the hardcore scenes are haphazardly edited into the film . in a few cases , they don ` t even seem to be part of the scenes that you have been watching . also frustrating is the fact that some of the actors taking part in the sex scenes look nothing like the actors that they are doubling ( standing-in ) for . just because a woman is wearing a blonde wig does not mean she is going to look like the lead actress that she is portraying . i guess that this movie was pushing the boundaries in 1969 , but looking at the dumb story , lousy editing , and sex scenes from a 2005 perspective ... ..this is just a dated curio
the characters are not appealing and the story is not interesting . an effort to watch . make-up , dyed hair , costumes poorly done . one man 's eyebrows , the suitor 's , are altered like a woman 's ! no scenery or homes of interest , except a glance at the sailing ships in the harbor . not a pleasant pace , without humor , without intrigue . a lesbian undertone in one scene . the only positive thing i can think of is this good line of jane austen , quoted . fanny sums up in one sentence , why she will not marry him . women who have spent hours within romance in uncertainty , will wish to sum up their certainty with ms. austen 's line : `` his sole interest is in being loved , not in loving '' . this line is an exception to a lifeless script . there , now you do not need to endure the painful movie . here are two lines re-written by me : for the woman dealing with a trifling man : `` no man suffers pains of love on the stage . '' for dealing with the infatuated man : `` you have wounded yourself , but not with love . '' this movie should be re-made by someone sharing the ideals of jane austen . there is plenty to be mined from the novel to create a pleasant film , humorous , with singing , with interest . a movie can take the best of the book , in the spirit of the book , which this movie did not carry , and make a movie better than the book . this movie is bad any which way . well-made period romance films are : `` pride & prejudice 2005 , 1996 , & 1940 '' , `` wives & daughters '' , `` north & south '' . fairly made is `` under the greenwood tree '' . i rated `` persuasion '' at 2-stars for the wooden acting ; however `` persuasion '' is 5-stars compared to this `` mansfield park '' . `` persuasion '' has attractive scenery , costumes , beautiful singing , and an uplifting plot ; though of interest only to women , preferably who have already read the book .
i am a jane austen fan . i love pride and prejudice and there are three very good to marvelous adaptations of that great novel . however , mansfield park is jane austen 's most complex and serious novel , and on the whole it is my favorite . fanny price is the most difficult of the jane austen heroines , not the wittiest or most beautiful , but the one who knows the difference between right and wrong . she is mentored by her uncle , the righteous and honorable [ and i do n't use the terms loosely ] sir thomas bertram . somehow , the adaptation of this great novel has twisted sir thomas into a sadistic , sexual pervert . moreover , fanny is constantly babbling to us in jane austen quips that are not part of this novel . they simply missed the point of the book.the acting is okay . the settings are okay . the directing is sad . but the sense of disappointment and betrayal by perverting the essential theme of the book has left a very sour taste
when the lead character acts like she 's sleepwalking through the entire film , that 's distracting ! when just about anyone from my high school 's drama class could do a much better job while brushing their teeth , then it 's time to open up the wallet , and hire better talent.once you get past the special affects , all which use cheesy models , this godforsaken movie is boring as sin , or , should i say mud ! beside being preposterous , for example , the meteroid , or whatever , only hits a dam in its first strike , this pitiful film is also delusional ! remember the scene where the head of fema risks his life to save someone who is obviously in danger of being wiped out by fire . as hurricane katrinia proves , there is no such thing as a bureaucratic , administrator hero ! instead , this movie comes off as a piece of not-so-subtle federal government propaganda not worthy of a moment of your time
over half of this movie consists of scenes taken from the original 1939 classic film directed by zoltan korda . even those scenes ca n't disguise the remake 's network tv-movie quality . beau bridges is generally a good actor , but he is terribly miscast on this film . go rent both versions of the four feathers and see it for yourself
this movie was a sleeper not in the sense that it was a pleasnt surprise but rather it in fact put me to sleep.i have 3 suggestions 1 avoid2 avoid3 pay close attention to suggestions 1 &
i can only imagine how painful it must of been to `` act '' in this film . after the first half hour it was like a train crash to watch . do anything you can to get out of sitting through this
not worthy of the firm name , this workout was repetitive , boring and does n't belong in a firm lineup . if you 're a true firm believer and love the originals , do n't waste your time with this one , it will only disappoint
i placed a wrong order and so now i am not able to watch the dvd i purchased . it was for area no 1 , but we ca n't watch the no 1 area movies in turkey.therefore i do not have a review
okay , the rating above is not going to be liked but i have to be truthful.the only good thing going for this movie was the return of `` snake plissken '' .this film 's plot was essentially a rehash of the original `` escape from new york '' ... a bit more special effects ( which in fact , did not make this a better movie ) ... when i go to a sequel i expect to get what i paid for a totally new adventure with the same character / characters.kurt russell 's character is older and even more in the know of what the rewards are before he is offered them . obviously the movie does n't really know where it 's going as it takes two scenes ( 15 minutes of the film ) ( 1st scene - president , commandant , and lackey give snake the mission ) ( 2nd scene - commandant and lackey brief snake before he leaves for the mission ) to explan to the audience what 's the basic conflict.i guess either carpenter or russell are just getting too old to take a great leap and recount either an earlier snake plissken adventure or an adventure well worth telling..i also wish to comment that this disc has no special features besides a movie trailer ... '' carpenter ... .russell ! `` please do n't tell me `` money '' caused you to revisit a `` cult figure '' ! some redeeming qualities are the acting performances of cliff robertson , stacy keach , steve buscemi , and pam grier . robertson , keach , and grier may be old but they can sure make you believe in their characters ! sorry , snake ... . '' i do n't love l.a. '' the-big-green-pointy-eared-one !
even though amanda is quite attractive , the camera work is bad , the lack of professionalism throughout make this naked yoga dvd a bitter disappointment . there are few close-ups and when the camera operater tries to get in close focus goes out the window . a bit of rehearsal may have made the actual yoga scenes a bit better . if you are looking for an accidentally soft focus dvd of a relatively pretty young lady doing joga naked while she discusses what she is to do with the photographer and looking lost , this is for you
i bought a couple of bob vidoes through amazon for my son , age nearly 2 , who loves the series . we were crushingly disappointed by these videos , though . the wonderful voices of the uk version ( neil morissey et . al ) have been replaced by american voices . why do they do that ? for us it means the videos are unplayable because they just ai n't bob . british shoppers and anyone familiar with the original bob should be warned . ( can i get my money back ?
this is a review of the dvd , not the world series . please save your comments re the series for the sports blogs.in this day and age , for major league baseball to produce a non-anamorphic dvd is absolutely pathetic . this dvd was made for a widescreen tv ( 16:9 ratio ) , but can not take advantage of it , because it is non-anamorphic , meaning it will not take up the full widescreen . it has black bars on all four sides . they may as well have made it full screen instead , with a 4:3 ratio . also , in its rush to make a lot of money by getting the dvd out quickly , they decided not to include footage from the season , to show nothing of the tigers ' play-off run , and to provide mostly filler with worthless interviews from players . ( `` gee , was it exciting to be out on the mound ! `` ) i am an avid cardinals fan , but this dvd was not worth the $ 14.99 i paid for it . major league baseball , as usual , cheats its fans . another lesson they fail to learn from pro football
avril 's music is ok but i hate this dvd . she 's trying to be `` gothic '' or whatever and it does n't work . it looks like she shopped at hot topic or something . avril , quit being goth ! you have no reason too ! and you are n't gothic . therefore , get singing lessons , and make a cd ... because girl sorry you ca n't sing . but yeah , avril plays the guitar so it 's ok but 1 star for this goth imitation dvd
i 'm watching the film right now , and it is perhaps the most moronic and stupidly annoying film i 've ever seen . there 's nothing amusing going on . it 's all fluff and show . it is such garbage . i find it offensively stupid
a woman who lives in an apartment in nyc and ca n't cook and does n't have a baby must fool the owner of her magazine into thinking she really is the character she writes about . ( she writes a very popular domestic advice column . ) she succeeds , until a navy hero wins the opportunity to spend christmas with her in her house in connecticut , enjoying her homemaking skills and meeting her baby . problem is , she does n't have any of those things . she borrows the house ( from a man who wants to marry her ) , she borrows the cooking skills of a sweet grandfatherly chef who secretly cooks for her at the house , and she even borrows a baby . the unmaking beings when she tells the navy man her child is a boy , and when he volunteers to give it a bath he discovers it 's really a girl . then the mother of the baby takes it back , and the baby is replaced by a baby who looks nothing like the first one . then the woman is falling in love with the navy man ( and he with her ) while the man from whom she 's borrowed the house still believes she 's going to marry him , and keeps bringing a minister to the house for a quickie wedding . it 's a delightful movie . very funny , and rich in both plot and character development . unfortunately , what probably makes it not a classic by today 's standards , it is a bit plodding . it does not move at the same pace as , for example , the movie casablanca , with which it shares some of the same supporting actors
more time could have been spent in ney york city for this movie . like with friday the 13th part seven : the new blood , all of the good gore scenes were cut out . but still , this is a terrible movie and i am willing to bet that not even gore will help it be better than part five
many have seen this movie on tv many times . for a b-movie it is great fun and interesting to watch . no extras on the dvd . i wish they did add something from behind the scenes , etc
after seeing match point , which i loved , i figured i had to see scoop . all i can say is `` oh my gawd ! `` scoop is perhaps the worst movie i 've ever seen . woody allen really should stay out of his own movies . and the rest of it , the story , acting , editing etc , were just painful to watch . i ca n't believe he went from match point to this dribble
how he makes money `` acting '' is amazing to me . these hollywood versions of a fake historic events make me cringe . especially when hollywood exec 's send their `` talent '' to making the rounds on talk shows to plug the painful '' blockbuster '' that 's going to be a big flop and they know it but they think people are stupid ( and most of us are ) but hollywood hates to lose money so they put a spin on it anyway , i 'd laugh if it wer n't so sad . anyway , tom 's army unit was choosen to update the japanese army at the request of the puppet emperor , but really it 's the emperor 's councelor who makes all the decisions , so , the evil councelor decides to `` westernize '' his army the samuri swordsmen must be totally destroyed . tom accidently on purpose kills a samuri and feels bad so he tries to make it up to the wife and son then he realizes a brutal beauty to the life of a samuri and joins them . it 's very paint by the numbers story and acting , even the japanese landscape is boring . of course the u.s. army is painted as bad guys when the whole blame for the mess and bloodshed that follows can be put squarely on the shoulders of the weak emperor who did n't have the guts to put things right with the samuri in the first place . then tommy has some kind of ephifany and decides to stay in japan . snore . this movie was too long , and with all the money spent on this movie it really could have been a 1/2 decent semi-historic story about the destruction of the samuri in japan
first off , robert deniro as the monster . i saw him and immediately thought of jake lamotta or vito corleone . they did n't even try to disguise his accent and no-one ever explains why the monster sounds like he just got off the plane from new york . second , kenneth brannagh was so in love with the set that he forgot about story . finally the scene where elizabeth was ressurected was ridiculous . frankenstien 's shock that she 's not happy to be back -- burnt up , cut of and her heart pulled out of her chest -- was supposed to be touching but i laughed . we all know how great kenneth brannagh is but he got completely carried away here and the result was really , really , really bad . i give it two stars for the pretty costumes and utter magnificence of aidan quinn 's face .
the quiller memorandum takes place back during the cold war . it represented a time and place in history that was true at that time . it accurately depicts an era that is now gone , that some of us lived through.the movie , by today 's standards , is a little disjointed and incomplete.it jumps to a conclusion but lacks story development how it got there . some scenes must have been edited on the cutting room floor back in the 60 's or 70 's in order to get a g or gp rating . as a result of those incomplete or cut scenes , part of the movie makes no sense . the movie would have been better served if it were produced closer to the author 's original book.the most memorable part of the movie is the haunting score , including matt monroe 's `` wednesday 's child '' . i was disappointed in viewing this movie again some 20 or 30 years later . perhaps wolfe was right when he said that we can never go home again . quiller must have gotten lost on his way home !
stay away from all the movies from wesley snipes ' and steven seagal 's . they are brain-dead movies with brain-dead screenplays , bad directors , bad everythings . this movie , like other viewers ' said , drove me nuts . i have to wear straight jacket to refrain myself everytime when i watched these two guys ' movies , otherwise i might have crashed my tv set or trashed everything around me in order to vant my frustration . amazon.com should also stay away from selling this crappy movie . god help us .
aside from the insanely beautiful lead actress , this is pretty run-of-the-mill stuff . not scary , only sort of gross , but i think it 'd be best in print , clive barker deserved better than this
dirty deeds is one of those movies that you sit through saying to yourself , `` this is idiotic '' , but instead of abandoning it midway through you find yourself still sitting through it until the credits begin to roll.it 's silly . it 's a teenager movie . it 's been done a million times before in hollywood ( most of the time poorly ) . dirty deeds is one of the sub-par high-schoolers-making-mischief-attempts where if you 're perusing cable late one night -- and ca n't find anything else on your 500 channels -- is maybe worth a stop if you 're determined to watch tv instead of just going to bed.but who knows ... you might be seeing the beginning of some great careers ! just look what 1980 's teeneager movie hollywood knights launched for the likes of michelle pfeiffer , tony danza , robert wuhl and fran drescher . everybody 's got to start somewhere , right ?
i bought this dvd on the basis that shania twain performed the half time show . even when i did a search for shania twain this dvd was listed - incorrectly - as there is no shania performance on the dvd . as far as the football goes i really can not comment as i am from the uk and know nothing about american footbal - sorry ! !
this complete waste of 90 minutes is probably the strongest contender ever for a lone-star movie . with cringingly awful acting , laughable special effects ( the ridiculous head in a bucket is a real guffaw moment ) , appalling dubbed dialogue , cheesy music , inconsistent and confusing plot and no tension or atmosphere , the grim reaper is a total disaster . do n't waste your money on this turkey .
the movie had potential : good cast and interesting plot . its the kind of movie you want to like , but just ca n't . i did not find it all that funny or romanic . it seemed that the mother and a bride 's maid were suppose to be funny characters but i found neither very amusing . i have no idea why the two main characters fell in love with each other ; this is by far the biggest weakness of the movie . their relationship is not developed well at all . as another reviewer noticed , there is a bit of pretty woman here , as dermot plays a male escort . for whatever reason , julia roberts as a hooker is cute , whereas dermot is not . i found is pretty disgusting that messing falls for a male prostitute . there is a lot of crude sexual humor that i did n't care for . my favorite aspect of the movie was that most of it takes place in the english countryside , which is really beautiful . its not a terrible movie , but i would be upset if i paid $ 10 to see it in the theater
this is the dumbest , most predictable , horrible waste of time i 've ever ever seen . this movie tried very very hard to be funny and simply was n't . it took a pretty good idea and butchered it by cliche jokes and feel good high school humor that 's supposed to encourage all of us angsty youngings to go to europe , drink , and copulate with any random gorgious blonde that happens to walk past us . after watching this movie i felt incredible stupid and regret being apart of a culture that could make such main stream trash . my only hope is that our european friends did n't seen this for it would most certainly cause an international incident
is larry an actual redneck , or is it all really a joke inside `` larry 's '' mind ? i sometimes think that dan whitney ( larry 's real name ) knows what he 's doing . i think he is actually making a huge joke out of the rednecks who are totally in love with him . he is openly mocking them , and when they might get a tad uncomfortable , but then he 'll drop a politically incorrect joke into the routine , and they love him again . dan/larry started out as a `` normal '' comedian ( there 's footage of him on youtube before his larry incarnation ) , and was n't really getting anywhere with that . so he became a redneck , and is a multi-millionare now . but all his redneck fans think of larry as a `` regular guy '' , despite the fact that larry lives in one of those fancy houses that rednecks think only nycers live in ( for the record , nycers do n't all live in fancy houses . there 's a lot of working class people in nyc who live in regular houses and regular apartments ) . so larry is taking advantage of illiterate , easily amused rednecks . just put on a flannel shirt , fart , wear a confederate flag , and say you hate liberals , then fleece the rednecks ! i do n't think larry really has a redneck mentality ( even though he 's originally from nebraska , so he has some hillbilly cred , so to speak ) . i think he 's just making a ton of money off of easily amused people .
git-r-done is a nonstop display of a brilliant comedic genius known as larry the cable guy . larry never ceases to pull off witty punchlines that at first go over your head , but end up doubling you over with laughter . his preformance will definitely torque your brain , so be prepared . there are a couple instances where larry goes a little too far and really flexes his mental might leaving you feeling fragile and insecure . one such occurance is his bit about grandma farting like a machine gun . i was left very confused and uncertain of myself until it dawned on me that larry was just messing with me because we all know girls do n't fart , they do n't even have buttholes . he then tries to pull a fast one when he proclaims he never works out ever . unless you are an idiot , you know you ca n't look like him without a strict training regiment , nice try larry . he finally sounds off with an insightful and powerful anti-hillary clinton piece . this was the icing on the cake for me because when i think of intelligent political commentary , i think larry the cable guy ! ! ! !
just repeat the following several times.1 ) draggy plot2 ) uninspired acting , especially allen , who almost sinks it3 ) unimaginative ( story , direction , etc ) then get a hitchcock film
this has always been a favorite film of mine . the story is old-fashioned yet fun and the cast is divine . despite having the vhs , i wanted more and ordered the dvd.beware ! this dvd claims on its packaging to have closed captioning , but it does not ! ! no subtitles in any language , no line 21 captioning.nor does it have anything else . `` interactive menus '' means scene selections . this plain vanilla release does n't even have a trailer . this film and cast deserves better and i see no reason lion 's gate reissued this dvd with nothing added . since i bought it online , i ca n't return it and neither lion 's gate nor artisan will take it back despite the error in labeling and false advertising which is not the fault of the people i bought it from
this movie survives in my memory for over 40 years as one of the most boring stupid excuses for a comedy ever made . i use it as a benchmark to compare all other really bad comedies . they are either worse than this one ( rare ) or better than this one . as an example : buffalo '66 is worse . if you watch both in the same day , you will surely die
so i finally rented this tripe as i was curious.gee , making fun of former soviet block nations/people and rednecks.. now there 's some seriously funny stuff..not ! what 's next ? a cutting edge comedy on the rap culture ? ..oops , he already did this with the ali g show . gross out potty humour , now that 's inventive and we 've never seen that before ! i also like the lame-o attempt to show how americans are all anti semitic by putting words into the mouths of those trying to sell him something . these are your imagined demons/foes sacha and overall your film is pretty boring and about as fresh as a yakov smirnoff comedy bit
i got season one from a friend as a gift and loved it . i bought season two and was pretty dissappointed . the show just became vulgar and sacrificed the hilarity of season one . i loved the ideas for episodes , but did n't care much for how they played out . bill got soft . cuddles and dan got mean . buttons and rocko stayed about the same , but it was n't enough . great show , but stick with season one
does anyone know if there is a real pg-13 version of this film ? i 've been told it came out as a pg-13 and then was changed to an r film . pretty strange way to deal with a science fiction film that kids would want to see..
i have tried for years & years to get it . i still do n't ! this being the one bergman film i seem never to get around to seeing , i made sure i saw it this time @ a bergman retrospective @ my local art house theatre . well @ least i sat thru it . during the show , no less than 5 people got up & just walked out . so i guess it 's not just me ! i personally found it to be mediocre at best . i do n't get why folks think this is such an incredible film ? the storyline is just so banal , as are the continuous close-ups of faces centered mid-screen . dated to say the least ! i do n't think it holds up-period ! i have said it before & i still believe that if you want to see what bergman was attempting thru-out his career , go see `` interiors '' by woody allen ! he does bergman better than bergman ! and do n't even get me started on liv ulman -- -ugh ! ! ! ! !
this animated perversion of star wars is an insult to one of the best sci-fi epics of all times . the characters are utterly rediculus ( seriously , if the jedi were that actually powerful , why did they need the clones ? ) , there is no plotline to speak of , and the entire thing is badly animated and has crappy voice acting . if you want a good build-up to episode iii , i suggest playing star wars : republic commando and reading labyrinth of evil and the other clone wars novels . do n't wast your money on this , it 's not worth it
after reading a couple of other reviews about the `` quality '' of transfer on this dvd , i decided i wanted this in my collection . what i thought would be good or atleast a decent enough picture quiality , i was very dissapointed.the quality of transfer of the picture is horrible ! ! ! a great movie a total real diaster flick in picture quality . non anamorphic , deffintaly not remastered or digitally transfered . picture tones are very , very bad , along with what little color that is desplayed . almost a black & white picture with most of the entire movie too dark to make out what is going on . even with my brightness turn all the way up on my tv , it still was so dark it almost was n't worth continue watching.the only things positive on this dvd was the fact it was in widescreen and `` suppossedly '' in dolby digital ex . the beginning dolby intoduction was deffinatly in dolby and had good sound but the movie itself did n't distributeand dolby sounds that i could make out on my theatre sound system . sounded like mono to me.thsi dvd reproduction stinks and i suggest those that are into quality dvd and getting you money worth saty away from this `` goodtimes video '' version untill it is put on dvd correctly . why they botherd is beyond me . because i wanted to have a copy of this movie in widescreen , i am taping it on to vhs for my collection and going to try and return it for something better tommorrow . i suppsoe i 'll have to be content that i got the widscreen version on vhs for now untill they re-release it on dvd with better quality , or they show it on tv in widescreen which i highly doubt . heck , even taping it off tv you 'd get a better picture quality than this dvd
i was really looking foward to watching this one as i have seen the box and looked at the reviews here , so i was upset when i watched this sad movie . gary graham ( t.v . 's alien nation ) is a robot jox , which means he pilots a large voltron like machine which are used as fighting weapons in a future where war is no longer fought ! the f/x are not very good and the story is paper thin , only the acting is good , but it ca n't save this one from being just a let down . skip it
i was just using this tape and ended it half-way through to write a review . the cueing stinks and is frustrating . i am just getting back into exercising after a few months off and have been using firm tapes on and off for about 15 years . this one seems effective but annoying because there is no cueing . stephanie changes moves constantly and just says the name of the move while she is doing and it is so frustrating . you want a work out where you actually work - not waste your time trying to read the instructor 's mind and falling all over the bench !
a dismal disappointment . i think you should rent it and find out for yourself before you actually own a copy . when i see the high ratings , i wonder if people have some investment in the selling of this product . the original lonesome dove mini series was unbelievably well done . a complete multifaceted joy . i was so excited when i saw there was a sequel and the joy of lonesome dove would continue . well it did n't and you can read why in more depth in other low ratings
this movie is a dog , pure and simple . we ended up with two of these are the freebie give aways for the last few dvd players we bought . they ca n't sell it , so they 're giving them away . hide ... fast
this is arnolds fakiest film . i mean , a demigod ? i ca n't believe this at all ... fakiest film . yes arnold is in peak condition in this film , but his other films are simply a little easier to swallow ... come on arnold , no one talks back to zeus
these 2 guys playing harry and lloyd were so disastrous . they did n't even know how to act corny when they 're supposed to . jim carrey might be crazy at times but i do n't think he 's this bad . the whole thing looked like monkeys flying around the screen . nevertheless , it has some funny moments like when jessica 's parents found all the poo sticking all over the toilet.the whole idea of a 'special class ' was just so stupid . nothing made sense . i did n't see a single point of the whole plot in the first place just to get a little extra cash.the first one was a lot better than this one . jim carrey and jeff daniels were a lot dumber and a lot funnier . these 2 were worse than dumb and were n't even funny at all.i guess 'dumb and dumberer ' would be better if it were still jim carrey and jeff daniels starring but nooo , it had to be these 2 who i do n't even know . please do n't watch it guys . it may be funny for some guys but it 's mostly corny like kindergarteners gone wild . watch the first one ! ! ! kirstie mabita
ok , check it out , there 's two jack blacks . one is the guy from tenacious d , you see him all the time . he 's funny and childish and insane . then there 's the other jack black . he 's the evil creature who pervades films like shallow hal and king kong , whose only humorous lines are the ones that are funny by accident . well , as long as you are n't fat and do n't feel patronized by gweneth presuming to know what it 's like not to be desired all her life ( ha ) , then by all means suspend all disbelief , logic , and brain power and watch this dumb movie . gweneth 's fat suit is actually pretty convincing , although most of the movie she 's played by an actual fat chick ... who by the way should have just been left in , without the whole `` ha ha the dude thinks she 's skinny '' nonsense . obviously , a film about a dude trying to cope with dating a big girl would have a lot more resonance if : a ) he were n't brainwashedb ) his fat girlfriend was n't replaced by a twiggy blond chick c ) the movie did n't throw ridiculous concepts your way ( like a guy could have sex with a 300 lb woman without realizing it ) d ) tony robbins was in no way involved whatsoeveri knew i was slumming it when i saw this movie . but i 'm not sure what the message of this film is . jack black 's character is decent , considerate , great with kids and perfect in every way . oh , except he 's really shallow for no dicernable reason , other than his dad 's dying words were for him to go out and chase tail . the weird part is that hal 's not a bad person . the movie beats you over the head showing you he 's the nicest guy on on the face of the earth , so you ca n't really laugh at him looking like an idiot . rosemary is so fat she has superpowers . her butt actually creates typhoons ( i wonder if that has military applications ? ) . suddenly , hal mistakes ugly pimply girls for supermodels and evil skanks for old shrews . tony robbins brainwashed him , the fiend ! when hal finally realizes this he decides to ( ooh big spoiler ) love rosemary anyway , and learns a valuble lesson . along the way there are a ton of cliches like people thinking he 's dating rosemary just because her dad happens to be his boss , and a sexy neighbor in his building who starts to get the hots for him when she sees how non-judgemental he is dating a fat girl ( 'cause that would make any woman melt ) . of course there 's requisite best friend , played by jason alexander , who is repulsed by fat people and plots to get hal to dump her . then again , the friend is a complete troll , so i do n't know why hal would want him around . and to insult us further , they force some burned kids on us at the hospital to strike a serious note about how true beauty is on the inside . too ... many ... public ... service ... messages ! pick ... one.. ! ! but brain-dead writing aside , paltrow really sells her performance when they actually show her in the fat suit ( despite gweneth 's postering when this film was first released ) . regardless of its clumsy benevolence , i have to rate this as a romantic comedy . and for that , i give it a rating of totally unremarkable . nice gesture , farelly brothers . not to be bothered with
*no spoilers*we had enough of lame japanese films . this new `` wave '' of horror movies like `` the ring , '' `` pulse '' and now `` the grudge 2 '' does n't seem to have an end . the genre is played out but that did n't stop the producers from creating this sequel which is a sad and incomprehensible follow-up of the decent 2004 first version . to understand this film -- which is nearly impossible until the end -- you would have to see the first movie.brief story : the film has basically three plots , but in a way they are connected to each other . the first plot is a follow-up of what happened to karen davis ( sara michele gellar ) who barely survived the ghosts of the haunted house . mrs. davis ( joanna cassidy ) asks her other daughter aubrey to investigate what happened to her sister karen . she travels to japan to bring sara home . now in japan , she finds her in the hospital very paranoid about the ghosts of the house , but something terrible is about to happen.the second plot is about three school girls who visit the haunted house . one of the girls has to go to the closet for some kind of initiation that we do n't know about . suddenly the girl sees the ghost of the child . she tries to get out but the door jammed . they all panic and leave the girl in the closet with the ghost . unfortunately , they are about to find out the hard way that the place was not to be visited . the third plot takes place in the us where a new family moves to an old building . a young kid suddenly notices that the building is haunted and the `` strange lady '' that lives next door has something to do with it . people are starting to act weird in this building because of the evil presence . review : less scary and sillier than the original , `` the grudge 2 '' takes you to a boring and confusion movie experience . the movie suffers from too many plots that confuse the audience rather than scare them . we have to wait until the end to find out how everything relates to each other . this time around the ghosts are outsourcing from japan to the us . they do n't care whether you visit the house or not . now these menaces are getting medieval to people for no apparent reason . these ghosts behave now like viruses that will haunt and kill whoever is on their way -- even a young little boy -- just to show their rage . the so-called scary moments are not scary at all . they are lame , mechanical and cheap imitations of the original 2004 first version . what 's sad is that , this time around , the writers have to make the actresses show some `` skin '' to please the male teen audience . this is what the filmmakers have to use to get some kind of momentum going for this movie.in the technical department the movie does n't do a good job either . the editing is very sloppy and extremely confusion . we have three plots that are poorly mixed together . sometimes we are in japan and sometimes the ghosts are outsourcing in the us . the photography of the film is identical to its predecessor , but that 's the only thing that resemblances the original . in the sound department , the movie will make you laugh . we hear sillier noises than the original . instead of getting scared , you might laugh at the sounds these ghosts make -- we personally like the angry `` kitty '' sound.the verdict : a terrible sequel of a decent horror film , `` the grudge 2 '' could have been a straight-to-video release if it was n't for the beautiful sara michelle gellar . no scary moments but many funny ones -- unintentionally , of course .
i wish i could give this movie zero stars . it 's really amazing how someone can inject raw gore , violence , and sick humour into a movie , and try to pass it off as slick comedy , drama , and deep philosophy . this movie is a great example of how a director can actually make a deliberate and hard working effort to produce a despicable movie.the sheer perversity in this movie that is dressed up as comedy and paraded as some kind of dark humour is beyond criticism . do yourself a favour and please do n't ever watch this movie if it comes on air . it 's not even worth watching for morbid fascination . i terribly resent the fact that i gave up an hour and a half of my life watching it out of sheer curiosity . but then , i may actually be glad that i did . at least it taught me how an exercise in atrocious film making can be
the unbearable lightness of being was considered an unfilmable novel for a good reason : the point of kundera 's writing is not his plot - or even his characters - but his style . for instances , his endless digressions about history , politics , and philosophy . for the movie , we are left with nothing but plot and character . ok , what is one to do ? that in itself would n't be so bad if i did n't watch the film with the constant thought : i could read the book in less time than it takes me to watch this movie . this is a slow film . it takes an hour-and-a-half story and takes three hours to tell it . i ca n't recommend the film
i heard that the nfl was releasing the past superbowls on dvd , i was excited to say the least . then i found out these are only highlight films . a real dissappointment to say the least . the films are available in their entirety ; why not release them ? i was willing to pay well over one hundred dollars for each box of ten super bowls , as were several of the people that i was at a super bowl party with this year . too bad the nfl fell short again .
i have several kathy smith videos this is the absolute worse ! i agree with some of the other reviewers that kathy has not rhythm and in this video the steps do not match the beat of the music which makes it frustrating and makes her look very uncoordinated . also , it seems like there a too many people in such a small space , the whole set looks very chaotic . i wonder if kathy thought up the choreography for this one herself , it is very poor . all those crazy shuffle moves ! any other kathy smith workout will be better for you than this one .
the first time i put this workout dvd on , i expected to see exercises designed for abs , buns and thighs . what i actually saw was an easier version of the kickboxing dvd . i kept going , thinking it would get to the abs , buns and thighs , but it never did ! the other huge problem with this video is that half of it is filmed from the waist up , or headshots only , so when you are being introduced to a new step in the routine , you ca n't even learn it , because you can not see the instructors legs or feet . also very irritating how there are interruptions in filming , picking up on a different beat to where it left off . all in all an awful purchase and not even worth the $ 4.86 paid . i turned it off halfway through the second workout and put billy blanks taebo on instead . much better ! ! !
this is not the restored print of dracula 1931 that universal previously released on dvd a few years earlier.if you have that dvd keep it as the quality on this box set is awful.i can only think that whoever was in charge of compiling this did n't bother to look or did n't know that universal had a fully restored copy of this film
this was the word used by one reviewer , and it just about sums up the film . another reviewer hit the nail on the head by saying that many young wannabe creative persons start off with highly auto-biographical and introspective pieces of work . usually these are binned , as the person matures . asia seems to have the advantage of a parental environment sufficiently indulgent and well-heeled to let her have her way on film , instead of on scraps of paper like the great majority . but good art is more than self-expression , self-promotion , self-pity and self-indulgence . it should have a satisfying underlying form , say something new to its audience , expose some as yet unperceived truth about life and humanity . art is boring if it merely tells us something we already know , especially if it 's told in a semi-familiar way . most of what asia says in this film we do already know , if we are half-aware of what goes on around us . still , the girl has a cute face , and she 's put a lot of effort into this performance . something more may come with time .
i was fortunate to be able to see a live preformance in my home town about 12 years ago . i do n't beleive that this effort is `` up to par '' .
colorado 's san juan mountains from durango to silverton to ouray is my favorite place to vacation in the usa . so when i saw the preview of durango kids on another dvd , i decided to rent it on netflix . it is one of those movies where villains are cartoonish , and the kids , whilecute , outsmart all the stupid adults . the first 30 minutes showed somenice locations in and around durango , including the steam train ( that'swhy i purchased a used copy ) but then it goes into time travel to saveouray from becoming a ghost town and the movie becomes a stupid bore , intended for young and undemanding children . do n't bother unless youlove durango as much as i do
absolute junk , one of the worst films i have seen . you will be doing well just to stay awake for the duration
apologies to those of you who seem to actually like this film , but when i re-watched it recently after not having seen it in ten years or so , i found it to be . . . well , nearly unwatchable.what 's so bad about it ? well , how shall i begin . . . ( 1 ) sean connery is a dud . there can be very little doubt that connery is the james bond , but here , he seems like he 's just going through the motions . to be fair , he had no decent material to play . the only positives in the performance are the small little touches he puts in to show that he is playing an aging 007 ; he seems suitably worn-out at various points , and that adds a tiny layer of believability to the character that has never been there before . but these are grace notes ; by and large , connery is stiff as a board here . ( 2 ) the action scenes are uninspiring . i 'm not the biggest fan of the roger moore bond films , but even the worst of them have terrific action scenes . here , the action is strictly second-rate . ( 3 ) kim basinger and barbara carrera , though great to look at , give terrible performances . ( 4 ) there is literally no reason to see this in favor of `` thunderball , '' of which it is a remake ; the original remains one of the all-time great screen entertainments , and this remake makes zero improvements . in fact , the plot merely becomes muddled . ( 5 ) there are a series of awful performances in supporting roles . rowan atkinson 's comic scenes , though brief , are painfully unfunny , not to mention out of place . the actor playing the `` new '' m is odious ; and whoever it is playing q is n't very good , either . ( 6 ) the music is bad . the title song is boring , and the score by michel legrand frequently sounds as if it came from a bugs bunny cartoon . i could n't care less that the james bond theme is missing ; it 's not what is n't there that 's bad , it 's what is there.all in all , i 'd have to say that -- unless we 're counting the 1967 version of `` casino royale '' -- this is the worst of the james bond movies . it 's worth seeing if you 've never seen it before . . . but that 's about it , in my opinion
the decalogue is one of several excellent tv series by european directors that puts us tv to shame . like bergman 's `` scenes from a marriage '' & `` fanny & alexander , '' von trier 's `` the kingdom , '' fassbinder 's `` berlin alexanderplatz , '' kusturica 's `` underground , '' and petersen 's `` das boot , '' the decalogue was initially conceived as a series on television and eventually brought to us viewers ' attention on the large screen via a limited art house run . unlike these other series , kieslowski 's was conceived as ten separate stories that were only tied together by the fact that the stories all involved people in the same housing block ( and characters from one episode may pop up in another ) . the stories of the dekalog are morality plays , but they are not re-enactments of the ten commandments , but rather inspired by them , and ultimately it is left to the viewer to decide the connection between the two . kieslowski & piesiewicz wrote the ten screenplays and decided to do the 10 stories themselves ( instead of contracting 10 of poland 's best up & coming director 's to do each , as was initially planned ) , and instead hired a different cinematographer for each of the stories . i wo n't comment on the content of the stories as many have already done so , and i feel that that would minimizes the impact of the experience of watching them , so i will comment on kieslowski 's style . kieslowski has stated that his intent is to highlight personal consequences of a dramatic nature . his films often tackle issues of political import , however he intentionally avoids making `` issue films , '' but rather focuses on the personal consequences of those affected , as he feels that politics solves nothing & that films do not really change the political culture . his views on film stem from his experience as a director who stayed in poland before , during & after the solidarity movement . initially he started as a documentary film maker , but as he saw that audiences were more interested in fiction and that documentary film-making has an impact on the lives of its subjects , he switched to his unique fictional style . this facets 3-disc set of the dekalog is apparently an improvement over the 2-disc version previously available , in that the picture quality is a little better , however it is still a far cry from what it could have been if criterion had released this series . first , facets has a mandatory ad for itself that automatically plays when you insert a disc & you have to let it play out before you can get to the menu . to add to that , you also have to watch another ad each and every time you select an episode to watch & after the end of each episode , very annoying . then the picture quality is n't as good as it could be . not only is there evidence of flaws in the film ( scratches and blotches ) , but the film is n't a true digital copy of the original series , but rather a copy of someone 's pal tape of the broadcast , so the image is no better than watching a vhs tape . the picture is also cropped from the original , especially on the bottom . the picture at times jitters , especially during the ending credits . the english subtitles are minimal , at times missing dialogue , and can not be turned off . there are some nice extra features , particularly a broadcast from polish television of an interview of kieslowski with a number of polish journalists . however the quality of the picture of this is worse than on the dekalog , and the entire dialogue is spoken over by people in english with no option to turn of the english dub & use subtitles instead . apparently all of the other ( imported ) editions of the dekalog are of better quality & offer more extras than this edition , which is inexcusable given the price
this edition of the film sucks and sucks again . the wide screen version of this is a masterpiece - without the widescreen ratio this edition can not be true to the comic book sensibility that bava intended . each shot was carefully composed ( and not intended to be butchered ) - this edition is a travesty -- especially when it 's purported to be put out by fans - do you 're homework . there are also scenes missing from this print , scenes that are important and add to the overall ambience . hey i thought the folks behind this were enthusiasts -- instead its just sloppy and self indulgent . look for the earlier laser disc edition ... ... ... .. as for the extras do we really need the - it 's great because i used it in my video slop ... . and it 's great because i did a bad homage/rip-off slop . the documentary in the extras takes great pains to point out that this film was intended to look like a comic book and that 's what was great about it . then when you watch the film what you get is less than a third of the original image ! strikes me a total scumminess . all in a all a fabulous opportunity wasted ... by a few lazy lard-asses with a quick-fix mentality .
i watched this on masterpiece theater and was intrigued enough with the family story to buy the book . the characters and the historical context are much better developed in the book and you do n't have to listen to that extraordinarily whiny , droning music .
with a good script and a director better suited to the material ( i 've read pedro almodovar expressed interest in adapting the novel and jonathan demme was originally attached to direct ) , asylum could have been a superb exploration of romantic obsession and a great showcase for star natasha richardson . unfortunately , the film poorly tries to condense too much plot and things happen so fast that the film fails to fully explore the psychology of its characters in cinematic terms ... a pretty major flaw for a movie that is supposed to be an exploration of the psychological effects of sexual obsession.the basic plot concerns the affair between the bored psychiatrist 's wife ( an excellent natasha richardson ) and one of the asylum 's patients ( an equally good marton csokas ) , under the watchful eye of the patient 's doctor ( ian mckellen ) . there are several plot twists in the last part of the movie , some of which seem quite preposterous , at least in the way the movie was shot . the only reason to watch this movie is to see natasha richardson . she does her best in spite of the choppy script , and she even won a best actress award in london for this film . however , as a psychological thriller or an exploration of sexual repression and obsession , director david mackenzie has done an extremely sloppy job . ( in fact , i remember that in the promotional interviews richardson , credited as an executive producer , sounded very disappointed about the way the movie turned out .
in the golden age of hollywood , each studio usually took a stab all various genres , but excelled in only one . warner brothers cornered gangster films , with forays into musicals ( busby berkeley ) and noir ( bogart ) . universal dabbled in lots of b-films , but succeeded big-time with horror . mgm , of course , produced the best musicals . fox did melodramas -- - especially noir -- - with an occasional romp on mgm 's musical turf . and usually those romps hit some really bad notes . witness the first three flicks in their marquee musicals series . daddy long legs has astaire and caron , pin-up girl has betty grable , week-end in havana has alice faye and carmen miranda , the memory of these films , for the most part , is a lot better than the films themselves . the pleasant but fairly pedestrian scores , thin plots and busy character actors scurrying around propping up the story make for rough going . and make one yearn for mickey and judy
the film seems to focus on 70 's punk exclusively . anything post-1980 is glossed over , clumped together and generally viewed with dissapointment by this `` documentary '' . i think the film does well documenting the roots of punk , seeing as how letts was steeped in the scene at that time ( although the misfits were n't mentioned , which i found odd ) . the interviews with henry rollins and jello biafra were great as well . however , in order to claim to be a documentary , the evolution of punk rock is just as integral ( perhaps more so ) as its origins . i think , basically , letts based the film on his own opinions , likes and dislikes instead of actually documenting punk . i was disapointed .
what was john singleton thinking . i know he produces good films but this is far worse . the shaft from the 70s was sexier , cooler , more aggressive , and classer than jackson . this was a watered down verison where parks and roundtree made cameos . it 's almost to the point they take the blackness out of the character . no love making and ect . do n't even waist your time ! if you want to see it , check it out on cable tv or something . save your money
i am from australia and received these in the post and promptly returned them to amazon . is a complete season of baywatch really baywatch when the seasons are labeled incorrectly , the music and theme song have been changed and episodes are missing ? i do n't think so.not only have the distributors done fans no favours but amazon have incorrectly labeled the cast . on the amazon website as part of advertising for season 1 they have incorrectly labeled it . if you go by the cast that amazon have put on , you would think that it was the real original season 1 , when we know it is not.the release in the uk , which is out now and the upcoming release in australia on march 14th is the real deal . season 1 is the real season 1 and all subsequent seasons are correct . there are no episodes missing and the original music and theme song are intact . might wan na try those regions to buy the real deal.aaro
melanie griffith , rachel leigh cook , and hugh dancy star in this straight-to-video film about one female transporter , who gets into trouble because of someone plotting against her . well , that 's all about it , apparently , but the film tries to give something unique to the otherwise unoriginal plot.i mean , the slightly original character of sarah by melanie griffth , who plays that smuggler in trouble . given a special job by malcom mcdowell with his customary 'i-could-be-very-baaaad ' smile , sarah agrees to carry a pack hidden in her bag . but as you know , someone also wants that package , and ... well , that 's nothing new , but she is attacked on the way.do n't expect any thriller , however . the film 's focus is not about that ; it is the relations about sarah and jack ( dancy ) who live together in a fancy paris apartment . but while sarah is away from paris on business , jack is attracted to a younger lady jenny ( cook ) who also falls for him . thus the film makes an effort to include both love and crime . nice try , considering this interesting point about the character of elder lady sarah , but if the factor is taken away from the film , the end result is nothing but a flat , tired suspence -- suspence as to its relations and its crimes alike . either way , the film is emotilnally very void.ok . two fatally bad things : one , too incredible characters . see , sarah is a professional courier who must know the rules of the job , which could be dangerous . but instead of renting a car ( and it 's europe , where that could be pretty easy ) , she takes a train ( and a night train ! ) in which she becomes an easy target . in this way , the film misses every chance to make it more suspenceful . when some character ( s ) must die , they die like characters in old video games -- they fall , that 's all . the other one ; acting . let me be honest . it was painful to watch the one-dimentional performance of melanie griffith , who was very good in 'another day in paradise . ' maybe she is not the greatest actor , but certainly she can act . but as far as 'tempo ' is concerned , no , i do n't think so.only the location of paris saves this film from utter forgettableness . forget about this one .
granted , i saw this movie at about three in the morning at a party , but i think i had enough sense in me to realize how truly horrible it was . it 's so ... bad . it has some seriously subpar performances from pretty much all involved , and the script was just awful . gosh , it 's hard to believe i actually sat through it . it was just so ... exactly what it was , i guess . a stupid sex comedy that 's absolutely terrified to be anything else . the thing that really pushed this above the radar for me to blip at was the truly offensive tone of some of the material . i think my real downfall here was the fact that i 'm a gay guy whose friends are mostly straight guys . the scenes regarding a certain character and his chance encounter with homosexuality are so repugnant it 's almost ridiculous . now , i 'm not one to get offended easily , but this just took it a bit too far . just the attitudes and behaviors expressed by most of the characters just made me depressed , which is n't really something i look for in a movie . it just seems to me that if 'gay ' had been replaced with 'black ' , this would have been deemed racist and probably would n't ever have been released . not that i 'm condoning censorship , but when your tone becomes so ... mocking , i guess . oh well , i guess all i 'm trying to say is i will definitely not be repeat viewing this film , and i do n't recommend you view it at all if you 're a woman , or gay , or you care about others
hey , angry young man ! if you 're going to just sit there all smug , mr. `` yeah , i used to have a tv , but i busted it cuz i just do n't care , doggie , '' and make fun of this nation 's fine secret service , why do n't you just go to an axis of evil nation and see how funny it is then ? when you 're sucking on rocks to stave off the inevitable side effects of dehydration . when , if you want to go to the market to buy more rocks to suck on , you have to whip yourself with metal shards tied to the end of long leather straps as you walk . and just because you saved the sorry excuse for a young lady who will become a drug addict bag lady once she gets old enough to lose hope of realizing her dreams earns you no points in my book . freedom does n't come for free , so quit whining about the draft , dick trickle ! the `` moonlighting '' tie-in is cute , but quickly turns sour , as bruce willis seems to have been off working on another `` die hard '' installment while the episode was being filmed and it 's just not the same without those sarcastic wing-dingers . bet you did n't know lou ferrigno was scorsese 's first choice for the lead , but he was n't willing to thin down for the role and he kept firing his language coaches
i was very disappointed with this film . the premise was really intriguing , with elvis switching places with an elvis impersonator who as we all know goes on to die at graceland leaving the real elvis to scratch out a living as - what else - an elvis `` impersonator . '' and now , at the end of the king 's life , he 's a semi-invalid in a nursing home being attacked by a killer zombie mummy . since it 's texas , the mummy has a more than passing resemblance to stevie ray vaughn . and oh , yeah , jfk is also in this nursing home , having inexplicably been transformed into ozzie davis.how can you miss with a setup like this ? well , for starters by assuming the premise is so funny there 's no real need to provide any additional comedy . the movie is flat , with very little humor . as other reviewers have noted , it moves at a glacial pace , even allowing for the protagonists being 80-somethings who do n't move like they used to.sure , the acting is several notches above the norm for a low budget film , but there 's no point in making a comdey that is n't funny.nice try , but booooooooooring . not at all recommended .
i really like bruce campbell and his movies like army of darkness . but this movie is not in the same league . first of all the plot is slow and boring . bruce does not have the same rouge character that he is so good at . instead the movie is filled with frankly depressing scenes of him in bed or limping around barely able to move . this really hampers the action aspects of the movie . the dialogue aspect is not much better . if you like bruce , my advise is to get his other movies or try to get a hold of the tv episodes of `` jack of all trades '' episodes . it is a lot more fun and has the `` real '' bruce
if you 've read the book this movies is extremely loosely based on , you will understand why the movie is so horrid . it 's beautiful to look at , but that is all . the sets and costumes are gorgeous , but it looks more like a bunch of kids playing dress up than a film about a queen of france . this movie completely ignores the revolution , marie antoinette 's arrest , and murder . in short , the movie ignores anything that is not pretty , girlish , and light . there is so much fluff and teen angst that it 's hard to locate any fact in the film at all . do we really need a 10 close-up of kristen dunst wistfully lazing about her apartments after she meets a handsome man ? even one scene like this is bad enough , but it happens over and over . we see kids at play more than adults with real problems , and the actors and soundtrack only reinforce this feeling . there is shopping , food , dress up , and flirting , but minus a handful of very short scenes , no real account of the lives of the king and queen of france . there was little in the way of dialog , and sadly much of what there was was murmured while dunst flounced around in her pretty dresses . there is so much historical inaccuracy in the film that it 's almost pointless to try to listen to the dialog . for instance , the dauphin and 2 brothers , which we are told in the book the film is `` based '' on . however , in the film , the brothers are combined into one , very inaccurate character . marie antoinette also had 2 sons , not one as the movie will tell you . i do n't mind some changes for the sake of drama , but ignoring 90 % of a historical account and then insisting that your movie is factual is ridiculous . the main actors are also terrible . the supporting cast , such as rip torn , and marriane faithful , is wonderful . they only serve to make kirsten dunst look that much worse . no one bother to act french , or like the poised rulers-in-training that their character were . the movie is so obviously a veichle for dunst that it 's sickening . there is just too much of her on the screen with not nearly enough reason for her to be there . remember the 10 minute scene i described where she does nothing but smile ? it keeps happening . it gets very , very old . it feels more like a photo shoot for dunst than a film . i usually like kirsten dunst , but not in this film . overall , the film looks and feels more like a music video and should have been one . there just is n't enough going on to warrent the film 's length , and it 's really geared towards young girls who love pretty dresses , food , and shopping , but have no taste for fact . it 's a chick flick at it 's worst , and it makes a mockery of the life of such an important person . it 's very hard to believe that this came from the same person who wrote and directed films like `` the virgin suicides '' and `` lost in translation ''
after watching this movie i wish an asteroid would hit earth , or the movie studio that put it out . and what a lame 4th of july scene . i hope the movie extras in that scene did n't get paid , especially the putz in the white t-shirt . geeeesh what a waste of video tape .
this smarmy kevin costner vehicle is a trite half-baked movie . i found this movie nearly unwatchable . if you 're looking for outstanding movies with a baseball theme try bull durham and eight men out
( david 1930 's mobster ) ... ... this movie is based on the year 1935 , the dutchman 's last year of life . it does n't paint the real picture of the dutchman or his orginazation . ( dutch schultz was a ruthless hot head who did n't entertain a thing . billy bathgate was supposed to be dutch 's protege but was merly an errand boy ( no gun play at all ) . there was almost no gun fights in this movie or the showing of daily operations which was still going on in 1935 . there was a apperance by lucky luciano which was good but nothing shown of the commission which dutch was a part of . the best dutch schultz i have seen on film is ( hoodlum ) . if your like me and want the real 1930 's & 40 's minus the watered down or mis leading facts , d your homework before you buy or rent . or read the review and look for david 1930 's mobster )
this film starts out so promising . it could have been a punchy dramatic piece about the nature of belief , and the legitimacy of the concept of free will . instead , the characters dribble into infantile sexuality , and the film becomes a travelog . i ca n't believe this film found financing ... a real waste of obvious talent . the effect of the ending is to trivialise the opening premise , hence the film winds up being an exercise in meaninglessness with an unpleasant aftertaste
i purchased dick cavett 's john lennon and yoko ono interview and it was great . it was about an hour and a half of interview and performance material . i gained new insight about john and yoko . so i bought cavett 's interview of jimi hendrix expecting something similar . the 15 minutes of glib questions by cavett produced nothing new about hendrix . included in the dvd are a few minutes of jimi playing at woodstock . the rest of the dvd is mediocre at best .
no reviews available pre-purchase . set was totally useless . laughably out-of-date . poor color . two disks had flasws at the ends . i wanted to use them for a bible study group , but wound up throwing the three dvd set in the trash . the cost and trouble of returning for credit were not worth the effort . -- zero stars but one star was the lowest rating accepted . -- i exopected better of amazon
i could n't watch this till the end . bad production values , gimmicky , desperate to make a point about violence and voyeurism and evil and wanting to make it evah so clevah while my neurons slowly commit suicide from the énnui . if you wan na go all deep thoughts on violence and still get shaken - both intelectually and viscerally - try something like miike 's `` ichi the killer '' . makes this movie look so , so needless.the leading man looked geeky and occasionally cute . 2 stars for the eye candy
i ca n't believe how many people gave this awful movie good reviews . the premise is absurd : namely , that anybody would even think about giving up three or six years of their lives to live in a hideous torture cell just so some friend that they barely knew in the first place wo n't hang - preposterous in itself - for smoking some hash.my advice to joaquin phoenix would have been : sorry , pal , but get a better lawyer.a ridiculous storyline that wasted some fine acting talent .
i was disappointed in this video . i came to it not as a devout catholic but as a fan of travel videos . in other words , i watched this video with the same motivation i would have to watch shackleton 's antarctic exploration , or something from the globe trekker series.with that in mind , the target audience for this video is not me . it is the religious catholic . therefore , from my perspective , i ca n't recommend it . i 'm not one for all the pomp and circumstance of religion . i do n't enjoy worshipping the `` holy father '' , or watching the construction of the clownish uniform of the swiss guard.if you are a devout catholic you will probably enjoy this video . if you are not , and just came to the video because you wanted a globe trekker style tour of the vatican , you are likely to be disappointed.and that is what these reviews are for - to let you know whether you will enjoy the video or not
with the phenomenal success of `` the poseidon adventure '' , the first disaster movie of its kind , the sequel was sure to be a hit . not so . a plot containing two rival treasure salvagers combined with survivors still on board sounded great . having a leading lady ( sally fields ) fresh from an oscar win and a few veteran actors ( michael caine , karl malden ) , might also sound promising . unfortunately , the magic of the set production of the original is not even close . instead of upside ballrooms , barber shops , kitchens and bathrooms , the audience is presented with storage rooms simply full of boxes . the rest of the cast is comprised of television actors , who are as wooden as the script . there 's no tension and some of the lines are so incredibly ridiculous , you wo n't even laugh in disbelief . irwin allen had gold slip right through his fingers with this very promising sequel . considering the original , that 's a terrible shame
i enjoy greek mythology and i love this story . although there was alot of bad acting especially from the lead character jason , who acted like he was stoned throughout the film . i was expecting the hydra guarding the golden fleece but got a oversized komoto dragon ( lost me there ) this film had potential but the director went off on some wierd drug indused trip . overall i was dissappointed and was expecting more . sorry
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen ! complete waste of my time
the animation ... excellent . the characters ... excellent . the premise ... excellent . laugh lines ... plenty of them and well executed.this is a movie you will say was worth spending your money on.the problem is ... as adults you will understand the movie is about putting the past to rest so you are free to enjoy your now and your future.for kids , they do n't see a lesson in putting your past to rest , they see - if you do n't like something - put it to rest ... as is r.i.p . - dead ! after the crotchety old man ( does n't every haunted house need one to heighten the tension ) identifies the haunting is related to someone he knows ... there is far too personal a vendetta to finish them off ( again ) .also shame on the producers of this movie ... a kids movie ... there is far too much irresponsible adult behaviour ( babysitter getting it on with boyfriend , boyfriend getting drunk and threatening the kids , etc ) -- it is just not necessary to tell this story . i would n't let any relative of mine , under 14 , see this otherwise excellent flick
i wo n't go into the movie itself , as other reviewers have done a more than adequate job of that . suffice to say that i have always enjoyed `` cloak & dagger , '' despite the hokiness of some of the scenes ( not to mention the laughable visuals at the end ) . this movie still rates at least 4 stars from me . however , amazon reviews are supposed to cover the entire product , and not just the movie itself.in two words : it stinks.no trailer . no subtitles . no scene selections . no extras of any kind . not even a menu . when you slide the disc in , the movie starts right up . when the movie finishes , it starts over again . if you press the `` menu '' button on your remote , nothing happens . personally , i 'd prefer it if after the movie finished , playback would stop and you 'd go to a scene selection menu . even a still image telling you the movie was over would be better than playback looping back forever.i suppose i should be glad universal even bothered to release this movie on dvd . it 's just disappointing that they obviously did n't put any thought or effort into it
the first half of this movie starts out promising ; the 2nd half is not so good.it becomes slowly predictable and stereotypical , whereas it started out charming and promising.of particular annoyance is the ending , where we find the hackneyed politically-correct stereotype of the husband having to admit culpability for all the wrongs of the couple 's separation , and the woman never having to admit her half of the bargain , despite the fact that she was clearly as poor a communicator as he.indeed , the wife 's character is strikingly uneven in this movie : her personality appears to be one thing in the first half of the movie , but she seems to become a whole different person by the second half . quite inconsistent
-not a great one here , entertaining for all the wrong reasons , mainly because the film is so bad , so often.-it is nice to see christina ricci in a movie again , as she 's usually good even in a bad movie and does n't do too bad here.-wes craven directs this one and i could tell right away it must have been do to a contract obligation ( much like edward norton in `` the italian job '' ) . i could tell this because very little effort seemed to be put into the script , both the story and lines of dialogue were very predictable and dumb . also very little effort seemed to be put into the effects , as they were very lousy at times , especially when they finally showed the werewolf.-as i said before , quite predictable the story was , both ricci and her brother get bitten by a werewolf after they try to save a girl who got into a car wreck . then both try to figure out what 's wrong with them , though the brother is much more active about it than ricci . -it 's also quite obvious who the main werewolf was , the film tries a bit of a swerve , but it does n't really work . -besides ricci , the cast includes shannon elizabeth ( american pie 1 & 2 ) , portia de rossi ( arrested development ) , joshua jackson ( pacey on `` dawson 's creek '' ) , scott baio ( do n't ask me why ) among others . all do pretty poor jobs , besides ricci that is , the rest do n't really seem to care , not that i blame them that is.-there is some humor throughout the film , but a lot of the film will get unintentional laughs from those who watch it.-the only reason to watch this is to make fun of it as the effort is not really there by mostly anybody on the cast or crew .
`` cursed '' is the most pathetic werewolf movie i 've seen since `` an american werewolf in paris '' . the acting is terrible , directing is poor ( shame on you mr. craven ) and the storyline is largely uncompelling . the werewolves look ridiculous and the whole movie really comes off as a total joke to a sophisticated adult horror movie audience . this movie seems to cater to the teens and early 20s people who might think something like this is `` cool '' , but if you 're looking for a scary movie , do n't look for `` cursed '' . well , at least it 's not as bad as `` an american werewolf in paris '' , but that sure as hell is n't saying much .
this movie ended where tyrese gibson and meagan good meet up again in mexico . but heck , they are both fugitives hiding from the law . how is this a proper happy ending ? although , i will admit , meagan good is a fine looking young lady . just knowing that she was in this film , got me to want to watch it.however , i do n't understand the appeal of these kinds of films . violent `` black/gangsta '' films with lots of foul language , gun-play , and just bad tempered attitudes . even that music sounds like it would stir up hatred and provoke violence and harm to anyone just passing by . i wish people would get rid of that `` what are you looking at ? '' mentality that just seems to encourage fear to innocent people just passing by.my wife is asian , and her older sister married an hispanic guy . we go to their house every thanksgiving and christmas . nothing makes my holidays more depressing than to have to go over to his house and have to watch these violent `` gangsta '' movies , with his kids . i 'm trying to teach my kids to not have any prejudices of other races , but these kinds of films make the black race look bad . there was n't very many positive messages in this movie . and if black people are so offended by the use of the `` n '' word , then why do they keep using it themselves ? if it 's such an offensive term , then they need to stop using it themselves . these kinds of movies promote and glorify the ugly side of being black in the `` big city '' . black people need to do more movies with more `` positive '' themes . we got ta work together if we 're going to diminish our black and white prejudices . i wish my brother-in-law would stop having this kind of crap on his tv when i have my children over . it 's hard to talk to him about it , especially when he thinks there is nothing wrong with our kids watching these kinds of films . what 's more , it 's hard to reason with someone that has to use the `` f '' word in every sentence.i 'm really beginning to struggle with my prejudices within my own family .
the whole point of this ghost story , is like in the orinigal , a surprise , twisted ending . yet , once again , in a 90 's hollywood horror flick , it is dissappointing . the actors within the movie are actually pointless and show no effect , but , there not to blame . the blame is the poor script writing for this movie . the movie has you going until about half way through , when they introduce the ghost to you . now , unlike any other ghost in hollywood history , this ghost is literally a black blob . it contains some invisible bodies and haunts people with its face , which in turn , reveals the face of whom it kills . but , literally , when you put a 100 foot ghost into a movie , you better make sure its in the right one . this movie should probably been called the blob , not house on haunted hill . it is a horrible re-make and a waste of about 2 hours . please , for your own sake , rent some good genre horror , like halloween or when a stranger calls . not some crappy remake that wants to make you leave the room your watching it in . better luck next time to the director , producer , co- producer , and writer of this film , because of all the people that took part , probably just wanted to make some cheap money , so they made a movie . better luck next time
i am a fan of dbz , i am a fan of goten , i think hercule is funny and i think # 18 is hot . yet this movie sucked ! it was missing what makes dbz so great : lots of action and a great plot . broly is overused and this completely ruins him . like most dbz movies , it does n't fit into the timeline . if we worked it in , then goten and trunks would only be a matter of hours away from using the fusion technique . had this movie taken place after then , the fight would be a lot more interesting.in short , if you want to see every dbz movie , then rent it . if you insist on collecting the whole series , wait until movie collection # 4 comes out
children of the corn ii~ terence knox is a movie that starts out well and then implodes into utter garbage . the special effects are much worst then the first movie and this is like 9 years later which in itself makes it even worst . the acting is so bad that one starts to liken it a parody and then one realizes that this is a serious production . the gore factor has been like pushed to a rediculous level and the storyline starts out well and then implodes into utter nonesense and the dialogue is so poorly written that one wonders if they went to holly upstairs acting school to write such junk . and to imagine that there are more sequells after this abomination is just beyond me .
this production is misleadingly named . far from being a biography of grand duchess anastasia , it is really the story of how the deaths of her family at the hands of russian revolutionaries in 1918 spawned one of the 20th century 's enduring mysteries -- a mystery which was given a unique lease on life when , among the myriad male and female claimants to be survivors of the imperial family , one woman began to pick up supporters in the 1920 's among at least some people who had had contact with the original family.i do not fault this production for failing to be a real biography . after all , how much of a biography can one write on a 17-year-old girl whose life was largely one of sheltered privilege ? however , i do fault this production for being a badly-flawed recounting of history . and i am not talking about the interminable debate that still rages in the arcane world of romanov history buffs about whether anna anderson was really anastasia.this work 's take on the life of anastasia paints a very tilted picture both of the world of the romanovs , their support among their subjects , and their reputation among today 's russians.first , life in the inner sanctum of nicholas 's family was not the halcyon existence this production claims . certainly the family had great wealth and huge staff at its disposal . but neither nicholas nor alexandra were well-suited to their roles , and they lived under the strain of it . they were increasingly isolated from the extended romanov clan , who shared the dawning awareness of the russian people that the monarchy was in serious trouble . while these forces might not have touched anastasia directly , she was certainly touched by her brother 's hemophilia and her mother 's response of sinking into frail health , chronic emotional distress , and a religious mysticism that almost bordered on hysteria at times.secondly , this film 's portrayal of the counter-revolutionary white army as determined to save their beloved tsar from captivity is just plain wrong . while the whites wanted to unseat the bolshevik revolution , there was virtually no support for a romanov restoration among the leadership of the white army . nor are there any known attempts by the counter-revolutionary forces to rescue their former imperial family . in fact , one senior white military leader once remarked , `` having seen the monarchy at close quarters , i have no desire to see its return . `` and thirdly , while there is a gradual rehabilitation of the last romanov 's reputation underway in russia today , the notion that the murdered romanovs are saints is not nearly the widespread sentiment that this production claims . in fact , the great masses of modern russians are far more interested in making their new democracy work than in figuring out how to get the sainted romanovs back on a throne.i do not know whether these flaws arise from some agenda to rehabilitate the romanovs , whether they arise from sloppy research that relied too much on the fawning pseudo-history that plagues serious study of the russian monarchy 's fading years , or whether this production did not have access to newly-opened archives . but -- whatever the reason ( s ) -- it does a disservice to the study of history by claiming to be history when it is , in fact , closer to a grocery-store romance novel
i have never understood why people find this to be the pinnacle of british comedy . once you get past the numerous jokes about mrs. slocum 's ... . cat and a flaming mr. humphreys you have very little left to justify it 's long run except that it was probably the right show in the right place at the right time . in retrospect it is lacking . many will disagree with me but that 's life
i had heard so many great things about this movie but it is just not my cup of tea . i do n't know if it because i tend to like more horror type movies or what but i was really bored by them . each of the movies started off really slow and they all ended basically the same way . i know the whole theme is humans are trash but it would have been nice for a little more suspense . the movies were violent but nothing one has n't seen before several times so i am not sure about the shock value of it ... i was n't shocked , disturbed or upset ... ... ... just bored
i like almost all of lifetime 's movies and love tuning in to watch but this was certainly not one of the best . the name bring `` obsessed '' was not what it should have been called , the lady was dreaming and had an illness . this movie had a horrible twist which made the ending bad and hard to follow and understand the whole way through , this movie was not what i had expected . as i said i like almost all of lifetime original movies but i definitely wa n't be watching this one again .
i give this movie 1 star because it lies to the viewer . this movie is not bram stoker 's dracula , but a rip-off of the character and then puts the modern spin on the story . if it was named something else or even kept the name dracula out of it to begin with but called him a different name i 'd give it 5 stars.if you want to see the real dracula story first read the actual book by bram stoker , then watch the silent film nosferatu . nosferatu is the only dracula movie that gets the story right . dracula is a monster , he 's not a star crossed lover at all and was n't intended to be . people wanted there to be some hidden message so they could justify a reason for their otherwise worthless literature degree but there simply is n't one . it 's a horror tale , not a vieled porn book , and certainly not a love story . if anything the ones that fail to understand dracula time and again are his victims who fall prey to his seduction by being anthropomorphic toward him
i viewed this dvd and would give it a 1 out of 5 stars . this is great if you are in college and researching male dancers or something but otherwise it 's kind of lame . it shows about 5 dancers in one club and they interview various women in the club and get their opinions about strippers . i still have not made the connection as to why ron jeremy has anything to do with this documentary ! ladies , if you are expecting to see skin , this dvd shows very little . others may have a limmited interest if you have followed the male dancer trends in the us .
pick any house on any street . pick any random two people ( man and woman ) , give them a script and let them go wild.i promise you could make this movie work better than the producers.nothing in this movie stood out and everything about it was boring.the acting and settings in this movie are just horrible . by the end you want everyone to die just to become interested.now , i do n't usually give bad ratings and i really like `` b '' horror films , but the lack of effort here is unbelievable.just nothing to interest me
i give this movie an `` a '' for `` avoid . '' definitely the worst movie i 've ever had the displeasure to watch ( and yes , i 've seen `` angel eyes '' so i do have a valid point of reference ) . chevy plays a guy makin ' bacon with farrah fawcett ( yes , i did just vomit ) while jonathon taylor `` buy a last name '' thomas plays the petulant little crapface son who is anti-chevy from the start ( let 's face it , who is n't ? ) and makes his life a living hell . the acting is atrocious , the characters are poorly developed and hideously predictable , farrah 's nose appears poised to melt off at a moment 's notice , and that little brat from `` home improvement '' could n't be more annoying . there is only one moment that is midly amusing ( when jtt names chevy `` squatting dog '' as his indian guide name ) , but too bad i heard that punchline in a joke my dad told me in 1982 . this movie is so bad that when chevy drives his suv off a bridge while rushing home to fulfill a promise to jtt you actually find yourself praying he ca n't open the window to escape . if you enjoy banging your head against a wall , eating glass shards , or applying a curling iron to your bare skin , this is the flick for you . otherwise it is pure , unadulterated waste that a coprophagic dog would even avoid . trust me , if you value your retinas , avoid , avoid , avoid
i resent the comment of the reviewer who said this is the worst film in 100 years . i make it 200 . the other reviewers have noted the idiotic factual mistakes that makes this such a howler . i just loved the u.s air force personnel with scottish and english accents . they must have overrun the $ 500 budget at that point .
compared to argento , i must say that mario bava is for me entirely overrated . he might be a pioneer , but as a stylist he is sadly lacking . his seventies work is more often than not tiresome and tawdry , even if you like horror films.argento fans seeking out 'shock ' on the strength of daria nicolodi 's starring role , music by two members of goblin ( under the nom-de-plume 'a.libra ) and srgento 's supposed giallio-based debt to bava should buy 'shock ' with caution . although it is an authentic slice of eurohorror and better than the contemporary garbage horror hollywood churns out , it is still a fairly dreary , dull , repetitive flick with few high points and many annoyances.finally , the sound and picture quality are fairly poor even when compared to some of jess franco 's rubbish ( and that 's saying something ) - my dvd of the silly 'she killed in ecstasy ' , filmed years before this looks and sounds far far better . shame daria never made films without argento that are better than this..
with a very good scenario and a fantastic kris kristofferson the film is slow , over male attitude , and finally poorly made and boring
even though tsui hark is one of my favorite hong kong directors , this movie did not at all show his skill . the story was poor along with the actors performances . i may be a little biased since i love john woo , and tsui hark killed their friendship by making this movie . worth checking out but i would'nt buy it if i were you
i agree with everyone that wants old nick . i remember putting on the tv and watching legends of the hidden temple , guts , are you afraid of the dark ? and so on . put them on dvd . people would surely buy it
i totally agree with soda fizz because im 18 now and i grew up watching these old shows like doug , angry beavers , are u afraid of the dark , rocco , pete and pete , all that , etc ... they sould put those shows on in rotation and put them out on dvd , im sure there are tons of people out there who would buy them ( me being one of them ) . bring back the old shows
as a fan of zombie movies and as someone who enjoyed city of the living dead and zombie , i was very disappointed with house by the cemetery . fulci manages to create a good mystery in the first two-thirds of the movie , only to squander it on some poorly executed scare scenes.house by the cemetery is about an researcher ( whose work is never specified ) who moves his wife and his kid into a house in massachussets in order to finish out the work of a colleague who killed himself and his mistress . the titular house is the only place they can really find for the moment , so dr. boyle , his wife lucy and their son bob move in despite a lot of bad signs , like the boarded-up door to the cellar and a tombstone for a dr. jacob tess freudstein in the front hall . bob has little red-headed girl for a friend who keeps warning him about how bad the house is ( though no one else sees her ) . furthermore , people keep claiming dr. boyle has been in town before with a non-existent daughter ( which he denies , not totally convincingly ) . he also seems to have some secret relationship with the babysitter , anne , who starts unboarding the cellar door in the middle of the night . and lucy seems to either be recovering from or suffering from serious psychological issues . got that ? good , because half of that stuff never gets explained . the only things that get worked out are the little red-headed girl 's identity and the identity of the killer ( neither of which are that hard to figure out ) . there are some nice visual moments in the earlier parts of the film ( the fact that the killer has one normal hand and one rotting hand , the photograph that changes with each viewing , a mannequin that gets beheaded and starts bleeding ) but fulci 's ability to handle the gore moments disappoints . he lingers too long over some deaths , makes the killer so ridiculously slow that a snail could outrun him and bits like the babysitter 's head falling down the stairs come off as funny rather than scary . compared to the injury to the eye scene in zombie or christopher george chopping through the coffin in cotld , dr. boyle 's chopping through the door around his son 's head feels like self-parody.fulci 's other films have incoherent plots , but rarely in a way that seems to work against the plot ( the dream-like nature of city of the living dead seems appropriate given the prophetic dream the heroine gets and the mystical nature of the threat ) and the execution of the setpieces is usually fantastic . house by the cemetery has neither thing working in its favor . it 's not hell of the living dead-level bad , but the fact that it has some genuinely good acting ( especially paolo malco , who plays dr. boyle ) and an interesting set-up almost make the flaws worse.also , this version has a `` never before seen deleted scene '' , but it has no sound and is just an extended reaction shot after the bat attack
this amicus horror anthology film has got to be the weakest in the series , the storylines were terrible and very dull and most of the time it looked like it was very outdated not to mention that the last episode about a washed up actor who turns into a vampire was not funny . usually these amicus films are fun to watch and not scary but good however this film just dragged along , the episode with christopher lee in it was the best one and the only one that was worth watching and ingrid pitt as a sexy vampire thats it , what a waste
it is so strange for a famous actor like stallone to play as bad as stowe ; may be it is competition between them to make you exhausted of watching this film . this boring story is about a bodyguard , which has been repeated in different films many times . the worst is the director who could not manage the film . after 15 minutes it made me sleep . i regret for the money that i paid for the dvd
i watched this with my parents and did n't like marlons mouth . reading these reviews you would think he is a hero or something . he cusses at everything and takes his whole urban hip hop gansta attitude too far . what is cool about that ? that whole lifestyle that everyone thinks is so cool is ruining my school and my neighborhood . the rest of the movie was all right but marlon made me feel funny with his use of profanity . sorry , that 's just my opinion
with the all star lineup this movie had , i would 've thought that they could be better utilized than a story on the gov . of lousiana . this could have been a really good gangster flick - all the people were avaialable . sean penn instead of all his hand waving and droning on and on about something i really could not follow , could have put his skills onto something better . this movie is a complete waste of talent , money - you name it
i was surprised that so many people childishly attacked the person who gave this movie one-star . someone even accused them of not being young at heart . well , i do n't like this film , and i 'm young at heart ; i 'm just not immature , so try not to confuse the two . some of you need to check your spelling before accusing someone else of bad writing . having said that , on to the film : julie and friends are simply dying to be included in the in-crowd their first year of high school , so on the night julie has a sleepover , they make a deal with some rival girls to go on a `` scavenger '' hunt , which is basically one huge dare game . the group that fulfills the dares first get to be popular by ... ( drumroll , please ) sitting at the popular lunch spot . that is , a picnic bench by the school fountain . that 's right ; popularity is not guaranteed by who you sit with , but where you sit . pick the right spot , and you may just magically become queen bee for the rest of the year . in case you could n't tell by my sarcasm , the shallow impracticality of this film truly bugs me at times . we all know the whole popularity thing is practically a tradition for teen chick-flicks , but this film tended to go over the top with a lot of it . granted , a lot of the exaggerated silliness worked for the film ; in fact , the movie 's beginning surprised me with many clever and well-written clips . however , there is such a thing as going too far . the movie becomes absolutely dedicated to making teen girls look like sassy but fashionably ingenuis bimbos and making teen boys look like ... well , the dumbest , scruffiest beings that ever stumbled on the planet . not that all the boys are like this , mind you ; there are a few of the god-like types that the girls practically kill themselves for . it got worse , however , when the film attempted to fit in a few serious scenes . if the movie had stuck to pure sarcastic silliness the whole time , it might 've worked . instead , the few attempts to be serious usually fell flat on their faces because the seriousness went in the wrong direction . for example , there was the nauseating scene where poor beaten julie nearly gives up her scavenger hunt and one of her friends says , `` julie , i know you can do this ; i believe in you '' in a tone which implies that they 're talking about a major life crisis instead of a juvenile daredevil game . the worst `` serious '' scene , however , is when julie attempts to get into a dance ( therefore fulfilling the final dare ) and the ticket seller wo n't let her in because she does n't have a ticket . suddenly inspired , julie gives the ticket seller a sickening `` i know who you are '' speech , telling her that she knows she was a nerd her whole high school life and that now , because of her former nerdiness , she 's become a poor ticket seller . julie ends her speech by wailing , `` i can see myself being you in four years if i do n't go to this dance ! '' the ticket seller leaps to her feet but , instead of punching julie , suddenly breaks into a smile and says , `` go ahead and go in ! '' um , what ? ? whatever happened to the girls finding out that popularity is n't everything after all and actually getting lives and acting like humans ? ( not to mention that nice sock in the mouth i was hoping julie would get ) . is this what we want to teach our kids , that being dedicated to work makes them nerds and that partying all the time will get them somewhere in life ? i personally think the `` nerds '' are far better off than the girls who lose their virginity on the first date and party all year rather than learn anything . it was this scene and this message that seriously lowered the film in my opinion . i 'm not sure why the filmmakers decided to end the film with this childish message . maybe they did it on a dare because the popular filmmakers finally offered them a cool lunch spot in exchange . i recommend `` never been kissed '' and `` mean girls '' far more than this film ; they have good moral lessons as well as intelligent humor . oh , before i finish , here 's one more valuable lesson from this film : girls , if you want to win a guy who 's never noticed you , all you have to do is strike a cool pose , hop on a skateboard , and ride it directly in front of his car . ( do n't forget to wear an expensive dress and look flawless while you 're at it ) . do this , and he will be so in love with you that he wo n't even care if you tell him that you did something freakish like stealing his underwear . the things we learn from movies , huh ?
the movie has a great story . unlike streetfighter alpha the movie , alpha generations actually follows the correct storyline . it had the potential to be a great movie , but there is to much wrong with it that can not be overlooked that will irritate you immediately . the character design sucks ( why dose n't ryu look like ryu ? ) , the english voice acting sucks ( i recommend watching it in japanese with subtitles ) and the fights suck . the only fight worth watching during the whole movie is ryu vs. sakura . this film dose n't even deserve a 1 star rating . i just gave it that because there 's no way to go lower
this is a ridiculous overkill of two fascinating characters in the 'lonesome dove ' . the whole 2 dvds were just a bunch of idiots kept blabbering , small talking , yammering , blah , blah , blah from the first second to the last minute , just like mcmurty 's novels , all the characters were just kept talking , talking , talking in meaningless small talks , almost talked your ears off . it 's so controversial and contradictory to those two characters first appeared in 'lonesome dove ' , gus talked and talked , but call never talked like what was protrayed in this pathetic 'dead man 's walk ' and the 'comanchi moon ' , the more logic one is the real sequel , 'the street of loredo ' , at least gus was dead , and call remained not just silent but more quiet . by watching this horrible movie adaptation from the original book , scripted by the author , the whole movie was doomed to be horrible . because mcmurty simply could n't omitted those yammering spread all over his original novel , page after page , blah , blah , blah , and we have to find the storyline among those conversations , dialogs , and dug them out of those garbage-like paragraphs . watching this movie was no different . those idiotic morons never kept their mouths shut . blabbering day and night , even during the comanchi attacks . what call showed in this movie and the novel could never developed into a character like what he had become in 'lonesome dove ' . because from the very beginning , everybody just quacked and quacked like a school of chickens . drive me nuts . how come these two young characters portrayed in this blabbering novel would and could have developed into the profound older characters in the 'lonesome dove ' ? once a moron , a coward , an idiot , always would be a one , no matter how old you have become . adding experiences and sophistication in the aging process never happened to a moron , coward or an idiot . how could these two jokes would have survived in that harsh environment is simply beyond me . at least the 'lonesome dove ' movie adaptation was close to what the novel read like . and 'the street of loredo ' movie was also an adaptations from the novel
if shakespeare could come back to life and see what they made with his play `` othello '' , he would remove heaven and earth crying out for justice . be an actor in a play of shakespeare it 's difficult and only the best ones can do it , not mediocre actors with face of children . what 's martin sheen doing here ? he should be in better movies and in this trash , if you want a good `` othello '' adaptation , get the movie with kenneth brannag and laurence fishburne , are good actors and a better movie
i am convinced you have to be one of three things to enjoy this film : male , born before 1935 , or a huge monroe fan smitten with anything she ever put out . marilyn is so annoying in this i wanted to smack her , and tom ewell 's character is equally a jerk . i am not sure why this movie was supposed to be funny . is adultery funny ? not really . i do n't mean to sound so conservative , in fact i 'm quite the opposite , i 'm pretty liberal , which may be why this movie bothered me so much . it is very sexist and dated and monroe 's usual portray of the harmless , stupid , breathy blonde bimbo so eager to please is n't very empowering to young women . the character she portrays has no name , is simply titled 'the girl ' a female puppet manufactured for pleasure . the jokes are dated and fall flat , no longer funny to modern society . i think 'the seven year itch ' is one of the most overrated 'classics ' ever but what can i say , my 84 year-old grandmother enjoyed it . maybe she was just nostalgic for the '50s . a much better monroe comedy is 'some like it hot ' where she is less annoying and the humor still resonates to this day
eric maibus and scott bairstow have become fine young actors , and even their adequate performances can not save this dismal , pointless , lurid and sadistic movie . dee wallace stone should be ashamed for participating . maibus plays the hypnotic leader of a teenage devil cult , with no conscience , morals , or regard for anyone but himself ; bairstow plays the usual `` misunderstood '' teen who looks to the group for acceptance . the script is laden with offensive four letter words in every other sentence ; enough is enough . if this is the way teens talk , then steer me clear , folks . there is no heart or soul in this movie , and no reason to rent or buy . no stars . c'mon amazon , when you gon na give us the 0 stars options ? ?
the frist time i saw this movie i hated it . however i saw it again . it still not that great but i own a copy . its good to watch ewhen i feel sick or am stuck in the house for some other reason . however the other two movies are much better
i was very disappointed in the quality of this dvd . i would not recommend anyone buying this dvd until the quality is back to that of a professional recording
this a `` mystery-triller '' starring tom berenger , gretta scacchi , corbin bernsen , joanne whalley-kilmer and bob hoskins , it 's the story of a couple who for some reason plunge off a cliff and survive.she falls out of the car early but he is trapped in and falls drastically , crashing all the way.she maintains a black and blue and a bruised arm , while he amazingly lives , at first leaving him in a coma , but more importantly leaving his face looking like hamburger.he eventually comes out of his coma to find that he has amnesia.later , after being nursed back to health and `` falling in love with his wife all over again , '' he finds a roll of film of his wife having sex with another man.obviously this makes him question what really happened before the crash and he hires a private investigator to help him find the truth.it sounds good and starts off as a pretty good thriller , but comes predictable fast.i knew the key 'mysteries ' almost immediately and i 'm sure that those who have seen hundreds of movies and law & order episodes will agree.eventhough it is predictable and the movie goes downhill at a certain point it does have some moments.i liked bob hoskins and his role especially but have no reason to ever see this again
the transformers gets my vote as the worst movie of the 1980 's . it pains me to say this for i am a fan of the series . it was a travesty to see optimus prime ( the greatest of the transformers ) fall in battle and pass on the matrix of leadership to a successor ( rodimus prime ) who proved incapable of leadership . galvatron was a pathetic reincarnation of megatron -- he lacked the malevolent cunning of megatron and behaved like a raving lunatic . why would a decepticon warrior follow him into battle ? as for the new generations of autobots and decepticons introduced in the movie , they were forgettable . it amuses me that `` fans '' are raving about the movie now yet they did not pay to see the movie when it was released twenty years ago . the transformers failed at the box office and i am glad it did . as a fan , i was insulted . perhaps these other `` fans '' have allowed nostalgia to blind them to the ugly truth of this outrage .
i purchased this movie for my 7 year old twin boys birthday thinking that because it said the rating was pg that it would be fine . also , the market for transformers is huge with boys their age and the toys being sold everywhere . wow , were we hugely surprised to hear curse words on this cartoon movie . these were not just words like shoot or dang , but the real deal . i remember transformers when i was growing up and i certainly do not remember their being foul language in the cartoons . i am going to take this matter up with higher management and at least get my money back and try find out what they were thinking . who knows what the rating will end up being for the upcoming movie at the box office . concerned in alabam
in this sixth ( but not final ) installment of the movie series , what we get is little story and too much senseless action ( with a sprinkling of hot tub sex ) . this is a very disappointing film . although it is the last such lwnc movie from this creative team , it does not end the storyline ( with 28 volumes in the manga series , we probably would have needed another 3-7 films ) . so the patient , constant viewer gets instead a hack-and-slash film of mid-caliber.the ending -- an over-extending action sequence set on a snowy slope -- is very unsatisfying ; so are the characters : unlike other lwnc films , we do not get to meet any new incidental characters . as a result , the film is less about `` edo '' soceity ( which one can not argue is the secondary if not primary goal of the manga team ) and instead just a big showdown waiting to happen ... waiting , waiting to happen . the film is way too long and its pacing is horrible.i think the fault with the film lies in these two things:1 ) the writers/filmmakers chose poor source material . the `` five wheel '' assassin team denies itto and son the chance to mingle with regular edo joes . as a result , you do not get as i argued the best part of the series : the rich detail of edo life.2 ) the filmmakers must have been overwhelmed with james bond films like `` on her majesty 's secret service '' and whatnot with their decision to make this movie `` samurai on skis '' . after the first few minutes of fighting on the snow , i was thinking `` enough already , i get it : samurai can be badass even on slippery surfaces ! `` watch the first five and forever skip this sixth installment
terrible follow up to the first movie . this movie does not hold a candle to the first classic movie staring john travolta and olivia newton john.the acting is bad , and it is not worth the money.it belongs where most grease belongs ... in a bucket under the sink .
ooo ! see halle act . act , halle , act . emote . emote . see halle act drunk . see halle act crying . see halle act nympho . act , halle , act . can someone explain to me how the senior prison guard on death row and a woman whos been visiting her husband there for 11 years never managed to see one another before he ordered chocolate ice cream with a plastic spoon ? but what does it matter , since we get to see halle act ? act , halle , act !
ridiculous plot , one dimensional cardboard-like acting ( especially leon lai 's rigid dead-like-fish-out-of-water performance ) , incoherent dialogs , horrible editing and directing , every thing is so bad if compares it to the first one . the second one has already turned bad but not as bad as this 3rd increment . the screen writers were obsessed with abnormal twists of the plots and tried to twist every section of the scenario to the extreme but unfortunately almost messed up the logic flow of a storyline . nothing deep but shallow all the way . just like a magician overplayed his black magic and suddenly found himself exposed completed without white gloves , long sleeves , and black cloak , even the white pigeons turned out to be dead . nothing could be hidden up in his sleeves or the tall hat . nothing at all . curtain call , drop it sooner than later .
while i absolutely love the show on pbs , this season was mispackaged . the box and dvd were both labeled series 3 , but when you view it the episodes are exactly the same as series 1/2 . unfortunately , i did n't try watching this disc until several months after i bought it . if you buy this , be sure you view it promptly to be certain it 's the correct series
i was expecting to see a decent film by bava , but after having seen about 5 of his films , i can only guess that is he is a very good stylist but he lacks the capability to engage us with a story or to even scare us . most of his films are gorgeous to behold but they are vapid and have no story , this film is just like all the rest . there is no point to any of it , there is no plot and hardly any suspense , suffice it to say it might be interesting for a 12 year old horror goof but to an adult , its quite tedious . chris lee is rather banal also , he does n't do much and it seems that he dubbed his own voice in the studio , most of the cast is rather dull also , supposedly playing some ancient noble family , they look more like 1960 's mop heads and morons who were on too much acid . the dialogue , what there is , is crude , probably written by a drunk italian because there are so many mistakes , one example was when lee was whipping the lady on the beach and she says , `` i ca n't have more ice cream ! '' so , i would suggest renting `` planet of the vampires '' because that is more enjoyable than this waste . interesting character to note was `` lesmo '' , dubbed as the `` european peter lorre '' who does n't have much in the way of presence or acting skills and he looks like a cross between a frog and a midget .
corny science fiction less favorite of mine not even in the top 10 ! afi took the idea on a better approache of this movie about a boy robot !
... this movie is a dud . who 'd have thought that john wayne and the director of `` support your local sherrif '' would have joined forces for this stinker ! the characterization hints at being good , but really its character actors doing what they do best - being good support characters . its a good thing to because the duke really just mailed this one in.first - what this movie does well : -ann margaret is good and she looks great dressed up like a cowboy.-the supporting cowboy characters literally steal the show.-it is interesting that the bad guys chasing ann margaret and john wayne and his cast of cronies are never ever seen close up until the very end . when you get to the end , you learn why , but it works well to keep them faceless.-the last 10 minutes is good - top notch with a twister of an ending.however , what is wrong with the movie is stronger than what is right : -john wayne is absolutely uninspired - he is just a cardboard version of himself - a cranky , mean man who they rarely even try to develop as a character - and when they do , it seems very , very clunky.-at least 20 minutes of this movie consists of long-distance shots of people riding horses . sometimes , they ride over hills , sometimes they ride through valleys . we get 4 separate long shots of them crossing a wide pond that is supposed to be the rio grande ( the border with mexico ) . fill in this time with some character development ! some dialogue ! anything ! -the character actors keep referring to other events in the past that sound a lot more interesting than this movie.all in all , it seems like this was the rough draft of a great script that was rushed to film just so john wayne could have another movie in the theaters . too bad , a crack team of writers could have made it something special.my suggestion , get `` cowboys '' or either of the two `` rooster cogburn '' movies or `` support your local sherrif '' and see this actor and this director doing much better work !
i would give this -5 stars . after sitting through about 20 minutes , i gave up on seeing anything remotely entertaining
the technology on here is great but the storyline is going no where . what 's the point ? 3000 is creepy as usual and big boi 's acting is horrible when he 's paired against terrence howard . they only got 1000 screens nationwide for this movie but it does n't matter . 3000 screens or 1000 screens , the bottom line is that this movie sucks .
this is nothing but a huge dissapointment . there 's almost nothing on this video about baseball . if there was a rating lower than zero stars , i would give it that rating .
warning ! the blood and black lace disc has a known problem with not being able to play in a philips/magnavox 825 and various pioneer players including : dv-414 , dv-515 , and dvl-909
everything is this movie seems out of place . the old cliche `` good cop-bad cop '' , lived by sutherland and his pal does n't work at all ! dridget is in an awkward performance , totally unconvincing , unreal , flat . anyway , it serves to study how a movie with so good cast can be a tremendous waste of time .
this might be the perfect flick for a fourteen year-old who aspires to be a mass murderer . there is little to recommend it apart from the technical perfection of some of the cinematography and the staging of the scenes of mass destruction of people and property . even these scenes have none of the balletic grace of tarantino 's `` kill bill '' films , his salute to the genre , or `` reservoir dogs , '' which has a mystery at its core and some fine acting and dialogue that temper the violence . `` bullet ... '' is little more than two hours of broken glass , fire , blood squirts , amputation , beatings and explosions . this makes gladiator look like a sunday school picnic . the characters are totally flat , one-dimensional . there is virtually no plot aside from excuses generated to wreak havoc . the acting is weak , static , despite the fact that i do n't understand a word of cantonese . we are presented with a series of stereotypes ( the hooker with a heart of gold , the good friend , the crazy friend and the bad friend ) .unfortunately the american stereotype of the viet cong as madmen -- and saigon as hopelessly corrupt -- is reiterated here to the detriment of any understanding of viet nam during the american occupation . the worst thing is that -- because they are so shallow and undeveloped -- you do n't care what happens to the characters . so i 'll tell you and then you wo n't have to finish watching the film : they kill each other . my advice -- skip it
ok , so most of the reviews i read for this film said how great it was , well i for one think those opinions are based on the fact that young men and some women who enjoyed it mainly thrived on the sight of seeing angelina 's breasts . the acting was poor , the script was stupid , and the sets were lame . i have seen some pretty bad movies in my time ( ie killer kondom ) but this one took the cake.. i would watch tromavision flicks over this one any day . save your money . if you want to see a good sci fi type movie watch ones that have been in the box office for more than a week ;
i bought this dvd for my grandson because he loves airplanes and trains . too much commentary and very little action shots of trains and airplanes . it did not keep his interest , a total waste of money
just show the real machines working , forget all the goofy narration that is annoying to adults and does n't even hold my son 's interest . he much prefers the fred levine series or the i love cat machines series
i will be honest i like dolph lundgren ... ... ... a look at his filmography you see b.movie classics such as `` the punisher '' , universal soldier '' and `` blackjack '' dolph has been going trough a slump ... ... ... storm catcher and the startlingly routine jill the ripper and the awful minion ( aka fallen knight ) but with agent red dolph lundgren hits rock bottom . agent red first of all steals it 's music from predator 2 ... ... and it 's plot from counter measures , oh i 'm not finished yet . it steals footage from storm catcher ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the scene where jon penner steals the air craft while posing as dolph lundgren ... ... ... .now penner is 5'11 dolph lundgren is 6'5 for goodness sake ! yet they try to pass it off as dolph lundgren as the soldier stealing the aircraft for part of a mission ... ..this scene made me wan na throw up but i hung in there ... ..it turns out more footage is stolen ... ... .i swear i saw footage from iron eagle and iron eagle ii ... ... .i saw footage from crimson tide and i saw footage from counter measures ... ... ..what the heck was dolph thinking when he signed for this junk ? i have no idea . when i was a teen ( when showdown in little tokyo came out ) i thought dolph lundgren could n't sink lower then showdown in little tokyo , then when i saw the minion i was almost sure dolph could n't do worse ... ... ..well i pray he ca n't do any worse because agent red is one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life ... ... ... .this is coming from a guy who likes don the dragon wilson . bottomline : on agent red 's cover it says `` once exposed you can not survive '' take this as a warning
20 minutes into this movie i was disgusted by the terrible acting and the complete disregard for the book on which is it supposedly based . the actress playing cleopatra protrays her as petulent , spoiled and immature , whereas in the book one saw cleopatra as highly astute , regal , and concerned first about her country and its people . in the movie she handed egypt to ceasar eagerly , whereas in the book she refused to surrender anything to rome . likewise , dalton portrays ceasar as a complete **** . perhaps if this were not based on margaret george 's memiors of cleopatra , i would be more kind in my review , but it pains me to think of the years of research wasted because of some second-rate film-maker 's idea of good story-telling . at 975 pages the book may be too meaty for most , but if you really want to learn about this queen , read the book instead .
let me accept the fact that lotr is my most beloved film and i already own the extended editions of the films in one set ! i 'm really not surprised to see new line coming up with another edition of the trilogy . with films like these they will squeeze the collectors as much as they can ! ! still , inspite of this new set containing both the theatrical versions and the extended cuts of the films and also the much hyped costa botes documentaries , my advise to anyone buying lotr for the first time is- do not buy this set ! spend a little more and you get all the movies in full 6.1 dts ex glory , alongwith hours of endless in-depth bonus features which probably you 'll spend rest of your life watching ! ! please be aware , these new editions do not contain dts tracks , no commentary tracks by the director , weta workshop or the cast . all you get is both versions crammed into one single disc and just one documentary as a bonus on the second disc ... and nothing else . it would have been a better idea had new line released the documentaries separately without forcing the consumer to buy the films again ... .and even this is not the end , once the hd format gains a little more acceptance , they 'll have another excuse to come up with a new version of the trilogy ! beware , extended edition set is the ultimate lotr experience , in terms of films or bonus features . go get it ... its worth all the money spent !
just a warning to everyone that buys this version of the dvd , it 's fullscreen and does n't have any special features . now if you 've seen the scenes that were n't included in the extended vhs , but were for some reason on the cable version , you 'd see that they were among some of the funniest in the movie . i 'd really like to see this one get maybe a double dvd release with when nature calls , souped up and some of those great missing scenes including ace singing onstage with cannibal corpse ( funniest scene in the whole movie i thought ) , ace conversing with a few drunks in ray finkle 's hometown and some others .
unable to view because of incompatible format ( as you warned me ! ) however , my ancestor james mclintock of barnsley , yorkshire , england sent john wayne an eiderdown quilt for making the film ( which is why i wanted the dvd ) so ... ..
why ? because it has good sound dts hd 5.1 master lossless audio the picture quality will not blow you away it just seams flat and washed out and this just isnt a good movie i like tim burton and mark wahlberg but this movie was done wright the first tim
¿por qué se le ocurrió a tim burton hacer un remake de este clásico ? el resultado no puede ser peor ... sólo fui a verla porque sale tim . que vestido de primate resultes igual de atractivo y apasionado que siempre es lo único que vale la pena de toda la historia . tus ojos siguen emitiendo fuego.¡qué no se apague nunca ! you are the best !
a french saying goes : `` the more things change , the more they stay the same . '' it appears that the `` historical '' epic film of yesteryear is still much like that of today in that `` poetic '' license is taken to the extreme in passing outright lies and fabrications as truth . one of the things that really turned my stomach watching this is d w griffith 's emphasis at least twice during the film that he did not intend to offend any race but wanted to show historical events and yet goes on to portray outright falsehoods as truth . firstly , we all know that this cameron dude did not start the kkk and that this organisation has its roots in indiana and not south carolina . secondly , the kkk is not the defender of the south and there is no need to `` purify '' the race as is portrayed here the exact words used by d w is `` preserve the aryan race . '' modern science , using cutting edge dna research has already proved that we all come from the same african man about 60,000 years ago and so any racial distinctions are not only ethically wrong but factually wrong as well . like it or not , we are all related and separated only by about 2000 generations despite our seemingly outward physical differences and have a common ancestor . some of the portrayals of blacks as alcoholics and white women predators with behaviours more akin to monkeys i found extremely revolting and shocking and leaves me completely unsurprised that riots and lynchings quickly followed the screenings of this movie.yes , this movie may have been the first feature length movie that used a number of novel techniques but does this excuse the content ? this is not akin to an einstein discovering relativity folks ; every single `` good '' thing about this movie would have been `` discovered/invented '' with or without d w. eventually and very probably very soon after . every one of the techniques used would have eventually been used by any of the later , talented directors of the time . the overall lies , attempts to justify racism and the murderous kkk more than make this film fit for the dust bin than for immortality in movie 's great hall of fame . they say that racists are not born but bred ; this is why i 'm not at all surprised at what d w griffith has done here . his father was considered a `` hero '' of the confederate army where he served as a colonel . i 'm sure as a bitter loser of the great war , he must have taught his son his belief system and how to be a great racist . this movie has not been preserved all that well with many scenes being either too bright or too dark and the soundtrack is too loud and it 's quite irritating to have to keep hearing mendelssohn 's overtures over and over again . in conclusion , the question this movie raises is does freedom of expression mean it 's okay to make a mockery of history to further a racist directors ' world view ? also , do you buy the fact that just because this is the first movie that 's longer than an hour mean that this should be revered for all time despite its extremely offensive and destructive message ? like i said before none of the `` techniques '' that this film claims to have `` discovered '' are earth-shattering discoveries that would have required a genius to uncover anyway . so the bottom line is we have here an extremely racist and hate-inducing film that caused a lot more damage than good ; d w griffith 's legacy/mess
i got this for my fifth grade class . it 's better than the social studies textbook , but not fun . i 'll probably have to make worksheets to go with it . basically a kid reads a history report as a voice-over while the peanuts kids occasionally do something
i love a lot of b movie horror , but this not that great.i thought it would be better having gunner hanson in it , and gordon lewis , the story line was ok.the gore wasnt there , little sceens of it.again i thought there would be more ( shockorama ) anyways if your thinking about getting it , i would first rent it.see if you like it , i wouldnt waste your money on the full price dvd.the music score was cool for sure
i 'm sorry , but this is honestly one of the worst movies i 've ever had the displeasure of witnessing.i purchased it after reading ambitious reviews that cited this movie was what mainstream horro should be . in reality , it 's nearly everything that 's wrong with low-budget films . first off , the camera work is horrible . secondly , i 've seen more convincing actors in elementary school plays . i mean , these actors make keanu reeves look like denzel washington . and finally , the story was absolutely horribly done . i admit , the premise itself had some promise -- but the way it was executed completely took away any interest factor i might have had.plain and simply , this film was unwatchable . i turned it off 65 % through it . and i would 've turned it off earlier but i was hoping for some beacon of hope to appear on the screen.if you care at all about quality , in any sense , do not go near this piece of trash
yup , definately the worst halloween movie . come on , michael on a reality show ? ha ! what the f**k does that have to do with the series ? not only that , but the plot is completely pointless , the acting sucks , and dr. loomis and jamie are nowhere to be found in the movie ! not only that , but the movie relies way too much on gore to be scary , and therefore comes off as pretentious . do n't get me wrong , i love gore in movies , horror or not , but any knowledgable halloween fan knows that the halloween movies were always scary without the gore . along with halloween 3 ( which actually had nothing to do with michael ) , halloween : resurrection reigns as the worst movie of the series . there are a many more problems with the movie than the ones i listed , but i 'm tired of typing , so i 'll let other reviewers explain why it 's so bad . bottom line , watch any halloween movie other than this or halloween 3
if you have not read the book , then this movie may intrigue you . it is quirky and interesting to say the least . as a storyline it does not lack imagination . from maine to vienna to nyc and back to maine , from the jew-hating german tourists to the radicals and the [ ... ] , from one hotel new hampshire to another , the dreams of a father and his colourful family unfold in a series of bizarre and at times disturbing events . and life appears to be a fairy tale that we live as we chase our dreams.now , in relation to the actual book , this movie can be described with just one word : rushed . the adaptation is so faithful that it tries to cover almost everything , all characters and all events , thereby failing miserably to project the sentiment behind the eccentric story of this highly unusual family . i could go on and on about how the accurate quotes from the original text fall flat on a screenplay that comes across truncated and patched together clumsily , how the scenes lack emotional depth , how the characters are not given enough time to be adequately developed ... but i will instead characterise the whole attempt as noble but short . if the book was a long wave-like function , with a rise to a crest , then a drop followed by a building surge and another rise to another crest , over and over and over again , then the movie was just a cross-section of the top parts of this rollercoaster of a wave-like function , shaving off all the crests and placing them in a two hour blender , where they were shaken and served to please god knows what . surely not the potential of this fascinatingly bizarre book , nor its undercurrent and extremely subtle magical tone . and it was not for lack of effort . it was for lack of realism on how to put on screen a highly bizzare story in a way that flows smoothly rather than jump spastically between scenes . a mini series would have worked much better for such a faithful adaptation . either that or a more free-flowing interpretation that could possibly make sense within the 120 minutes that are usually allocated to a motion picture.thank god for jodie foster 's and beau bridges 's performances , who bring fanny and win berry to life . keep passing the open windows and read the book for a much richer and meaningful experience . as far as this movie is concerned , just toss it out as far as you can . and if you are to keep it , then do so to remind yourselves of how to not adapt a great book onto the screen . this is the only reason why i keep mine
i was so excited when i read the reviews for this intermediate level pilates tape . thought i would purchase it for variety from my 'the method ' pilates tape . i was very disappointed . the tape does not even allow you to get your heart racing much less to break a sweat . i did n't feel like i got a good tone workout . i actually wanted to fall asleep . i felt it was 40 minutes of stretch for an intermediate level student . i give two stars because i do believe he knows what is talking about in terms of form but i shall be passing this on to an elderly relative
so this was the breakout movie for mira sorvino , the one that earned her an academy award for best supporting actress in 1995 . this movie , and mira sorvino 's performance in it , was so bad that after it was over , i just had to find out who her competitors were for the 1995 best supporting actress category . let 's see ... ..according to wikipedia they were : kathleen quinlin ( `` apollo 13 '' - a fairly standard worried-wife-of-astronaut-in-danger role ) , mare winningham ( `` georgia '' - did not see this one ) , joan allen ( `` nixon '' - did not see , but how hard can it be to play the wooden pat nixon ? ) , and kate winslet ( `` sense and sensibilities '' - did not see either , but ang lee was robbed by the academy here also ) .it only proves just how few good roles there are for women in today 's hollywood that mira sorvino could win an oscar for this sort of performance.and i was beginning to warm up to her , too - she was great in `` romy and michele 's high school reunion '' , and terrific also in `` beautiful girls '' . so , what exactly is so bad about this movie ? here 's a brief list:1 . mira sorvino plays the entire movie in a high-pitched falsetto that sounds like her voice is breaking . another reviewer described this as similar to listening to fingernails on a blackboard . maybe in 1995 , because she was new , the academy did n't realize that this was n't her real voice and took pity on her ... .2 . stupid plot device of the greek chorus.3 . stupid happy ending with a twist.4 . lots of profanity and dialogue that includes explicit descriptions of sex acts done in pornography movies ... ..while this movie is not itself a porn flick , the explicit details of the porn industry included in the dialogue definitely makes it not a movie for families to watch . 5 . odd sight of a very old and wrinkly woody allen ( with dyed hair and bald spot ) making out with two women young enough to be his granddaughters ... ..all right , so i 'm just jealous - woody still looks gross ... .6 . cliched , poorly developed characters , a plotline that goes around in circles , and lots and lots of pointless , unfunny dialogue.in summary , this movie is bad , bad , bad ... ...
i saw dead ringers in the movies . the theater was filled with mostly couples . when it was over , as we walked out , laughter began to spread as we all recognized that we as couples were having the same conversation ; `` whose stupid idea was it to pay money to see this move '' !
i like japanese films , and really wanted to like this one . however i must say there are a lot of confusing parts to the plot . now i have read this is going to be part of a trilogy one day . if that is true i might give it a higher rating . as of now however , there are just a lot of things that do n't make sense
i am a howard stern fanatic and a softball fanantic . i could n't go wrong with this movie , right ? wrong ! it is pretty bad . i was disappointed with artie 's project . gross jokes terrible acting . there are a couple of funny scenes . wait until it is on sale
although i 'm a diehard fan of this great british sitcom , i ca n't recommend this particular dvd of it . when i received it i was shocked by the fuzzy quality of the recording . comparing it side-by-side on the same tv with an old vhs recording i purchased years ago clearly showed that the dvd image quality was much poorer than the vhs . i believe what the makers did was transfer from a second or third generation vhs copy of the original recording to dvd instead of going back to the original . the focus is so soft that both my wife and myself constantly squinted in an effort to sharpen the image , which of course did n't help . i doubt we 'll ever watch this dvd because the eyestrain is too great . if you do n't have a good copy it would be better than nothing , but not by muchi was also disappointed in the extras . the `` character biographies '' were n't of the characters in the series but of the actors ; very misleading . there were no tours of the actual estate used in the series or many of the other additions that would have made this a first rate dvd . the radio broadcasts were interesting , though several different actors were used which degraded the enjoyment . also , there were only four of the ten radio broadcasts on the dvd . finally , while you listen to the radio shows only one image is displayed on the tv screen . this can lead to screen burning on some sets .
standard disclaimer : i love dream theater.however , this dvd is almost unbearable to watch due to all of the video effects that obscure the live performance . did n't i buy a dvd of dream theater live so that i could see them play ? ? at times , several minutes pass without showing the musicians as they 're playing.video effects such as swirling colors , images of the artists upside down ( ? ! ? ) , and black and white re-enactments make the whole affair feel like someone was trying to create their first music video for mtv in 1984 . or maybe trying to induce an epileptic seizure in the viewer ? ? dream theater would get a rating of 1000 , but i 'd give this dvd a 0 if i could . just goes to show what poor editing gets you
i was fortunate not to spend any money specifically on this movie . i could n't get past the first 15 minutes ... incoherent beginning , and overly stylized particularly where ashe becomes `` the avenger '' ( for lack of a better name ) . nothing like the original at all , which i love by comparison
the no-name comedians at the beginning were funny , bea arthur killed , and the dumpy lady at the end who kept talking about how african-americans used to dig her backside but do n't any longer was funny . courtney love 's antics were amusing but grew tiresome . the rest of the roast was horrible . telling tommy lee that his genitals are the envy of barnyard animals is not an insult . and , after it 's repeated ad nauseum , it 's not funny either.has andy dick ever been funny ? kimmel ? corolla ? sarah silverman ? spade post-farley ? no . it 's as if comedy central corralled the most unfunny comedians of the past 10 years.and the bonus features are horrible . the interviewer was annoying -- even the guests seemed annoyed with her.was gilbert gottfried not available ? that guy is funny
sorry , but this movie blew ! the premise was there , but the delivery just sucked . i can only take the suspension of belief so far . we are supposed to believe that this guy has never told his new gf ( whom he 's been w/for at least a year ) about his last , one before that , and gf before that . at least two of them have his home phone number : they 've never called ? she 's never seen the caller id ? she 's never answered the phone ? give me a break ! then she holds fake interviews with the exes and just opens up the most ridiculous can of worms . she meets up with joyce ( the most recent ) whom she finds out that she genuinely likes , and starts believing that the bf should really be with her . joyce is none the wiser , but if you ask me , joyce had stalker qualities b/c she harassed him when he was with the model , calls his house right back when she gets the call on her phone , keeps that stupid boomerang in a frame , etc . this chick , stacy ( brittany m ) had to be incredibly stupid not to see where this was ultimately going . holly hunter 's character is precisely why i have more male friends than female . stacy just met this woman and she 's revealing all these things about her personal life and this woman is all too happy to help her wallow in the craziness of this movie . i never expected the 'big climax , ' but i did ask myself several times `` will this barb ( hh ) chick back the **** off ? ! '' on to the climax : it was actually a surprise , but what blew me was that everything ended up honky dory for stacy ... after she humiliated all those people . i never got the impression that the bf ( derrick ) was cheating on her , yet that tacky talk show would have made you think different . the only reason he pissed me off was because he did n't read stacy the riot act in the end.this movie tries to wax philosophical , and you just end up hating all of the characters ... except for the dog . a very passible movie . i would n't even bother .
as a character movie this is largely a failure , unless you find poignancy in `` average-ness . '' the characters are all one-note half-stereotypes who seem to be sleeping their way through the non-existent plot . `` oh , look how average they are ! is n't it charming how they sit around and talk about nothing ? it 's so lifelike ! '' and the main character 's seeming inability to be anything other than perfectly angelic at all times makes it awfully hard to sympathize with her.if this is intended to be an issue movie with the message robert ebert has suggested ( that anti-abortion laws are really just a form of discrimination against poor women ) , it 's taking a rather belabored approach just to tell us what anyone with a head on their shoulders already knows . munich and syriana also `` bring to light '' ideas that are not new or novel or shocking to anyone who cares to be informed and think about the world . perhaps the only thing truly shocking is that movies like this would need to be made to say such obvious things . perhaps next they 'll make a movie to make the point that , shockingly enough , the sky is blue , or that paint dries when applied to walls , or that grass grows . i imagine they 'd be somewhat more interesting than this effort
as some of the other reviewers have mentioned , this us release has replaced the original source music . but the region 2 version has been released without these cuts , so for everyone with a multiregion player , i 'd suggest using amazon.co.uk to buy a copy there instead
so what kind of movie is this from the director of `` i know what you did last summer ? '' it 's basically another installment of the same genre with a similar set-up and similar function . deep down , venom is just another teen slasher movie . they rode into this film with the same clichéd scares , a young group of teens , a psycho killer , and a traditional ending . so is it worth seeing ? that i ca n't completely answer for you . if you like more of the same old , then it 's probably going to be a blast . the filmmakers were smart enough to throw in a few thrilling moments among the mundane , overused plot . i found some parts to be slightly unpredictable , and they did a good job detailing some suspenseful moments near the third act of the film . the voodoo element allowed for some additional surprises and kept the killer from being simply `` an unstoppable evil force . `` but individually , do the separate factors of this film combine to make a masterpiece ? quite frankly , in my opinion at least ... .no . let 's take a look at some of them ; acting- well done , well directed too i might add . the acting is realistic to a degree , and brings us into the film . the actors responded ( for the most part ) realistically to the story line and i think that this was set-up nicely . the major issue here was the persistence in finding a gun when the killer is already dead , not to mention a demon child of voodoo hoodoo . lighting- dim , dark and mysterious ; the lighting definitely amplified the mood of this film . combined with the swamp-like location , i think that it sets a perfect example of what a good location combined with good lighting can do- make a relatively unattractive plot look beautiful . special effects- they set this up pretty well . a few scenes made me cringe and i felt that the artists working on the film definitely put their hearts into it ... or bled them out for it . the gore was n't excessive , but just right for a slasher film , and props to the director for making that call . my only qualm with this is that they used the standard halloween `` stage blood '' which is just basically a thick bright red liquid that looks nothing like blood despite its color . a few of the actors squirm around in it , only to look like they 're rolling around in pizza sauce . there are a few other tacky special effects , including the last major one in the film . the killer- mr. jangles ... . ? enough said ... sounds like a dog . i 'll give the killer credit for being a good actor , but the portrayal needed a lot of work . the make-up kicked it up a notch , but the slow-motion style jumps and action-movie style stunts did n't do it justice . the man looked like an athlete and moved like one ... not like a reincarnated being housing the souls of 13 evil spirits . although i do n't specifically know what that looks like ... .i 'm sure they do n't run like football players.so what overall ? it 's ok. not something i 'd be dying to see , and i 'm glad that i did n't run to the theatre to catch the first showing . it has some good moments and some bad , but does n't really stand out from any normal hollywood production . my recommendation ? it 's ok . i 'd rather go rent containment instead ; the first movie in a long time to completely blow my mind . it 's good to know that there is still some talent out there somewhere and that it still filters into the film world now and again ...
seriously : the sound is the worst i have encountered on any dvd release , a big part of the screen is covered with a dark grey box to cover the original subtitles - there is a lot of video jittery things going on , it all adds up to my conclusion that the dvd version is transfered from a very , very bad analog copy . on top of all , the subtitles are totally out of sync and awfully misspelled . dont buy this unless you are a fanatic wkw fan who already own all other releases ... ..
when we watched this remake of brian 's song , it was not by design . we had requested the 1971 version from netflix , but the dvd was damaged in the mail and they resent the 2001 remake by mistake . but instead of sending it back again , we thought `` what the hec , let 's give it a chance . '' while we did n't expect it to live up to the beloved original , nothing could prepare us for how god-awful it was . so when we saw all the stars given to this remake , we were utterly mystified . other than mekhi phifer 's performance , which was pretty good , it was a joke . sean 's maher 's brian piccolo was a caricature ; cartoony and over-the-top obnoxious . maybe they had intended to cast jim carrey in the role but he was busy . instead , they got maher to do a jim carrey impersonation . james caan portrayed piccolo as this outgoing , wise-cracking guy , but he was human and believable -- not a clown . and those football scenes . they looked ridiculous . at least in the original they used real game footage , which gave a real gritty sense of being in a stadium -- not at a high school or some sound stage . even though the original was a tv movie , the performances , scenarios and dialog were well done , believable , touching , heartwrenching . if you watch it now is it dated ? of course , but there 's nothing wrong with that . it is current to the time it depicts . but this remake reminds us of a very bad , melodramatic after-school special . really , it was so bad i ca n't find adequate words to describe it
after watching `` harsh times '' we wondered `` is this a comedy or are they just mocking inner city life ? '' we could n't believe what we were watching . it was meant to be the new 2006 version of `` training day '' -- they even got christian bale to play the lead role -- but only in the eyes of the people involved in it . it was a miscalculation and we 'll explain why.brief story : the movie takes place mostly in the dangerous inner city streets of l.a. jim davis ( christian bale ) is a mentally unstable young iraq war veteran . now in the states , he is looking for a job as a cop . jim 's best friend mike alonzo ( freddy rodríguez ) is also unemployed , but when his friend comes to visit , they prefer to hang out and commit all kinds of illegal activities -- selling drugs , guns , getting high just to name few . to spend time with his friend , mike has to lie to his girlfriend sylvia ( eva longoria ) making her believe that he is looking for a job . she does n't know the world of crime they are involved in and the terrible consequences they might face.review : '' harsh times '' has many problems , but the most notorious one is the crime `` video game '' feeling it has throughout the film . the characters and situations are so unbelievable that the whole thing feels like watching a `` grand theft auto '' or `` scarface : the world is yours '' video game adaptation with a little bit of `` cheech & chong '' in the mix . there is no climax -- we just see them driving to different places , arguing among themselves and committing all kinds of crimes without anything conclusive until the very end . christian bale 's accent in this movie does n't help either , not only it changes through out the film , but we are not sure what kind of accent he is trying to emulate . the dialogue between the two friends feels forced and teenager-like -- also there is no chemistry between them . the acting in this movie is disappointing , especially from bale who we liked in movies like `` american psycho '' , `` batman returns '' and `` the prestige . '' it is clear that he was miscast this time . he just can not do what denzel washington did in `` training day . '' because of his accent and terrible acting in this film , we believe this is his worst performance to date . this is something he does n't want to add to his resume.the verdict : christian bale returns , but this new american psycho can not find his equilibrium . `` harsh times '' tries too hard to create the edgy , dramatic style of the dangerous inner city life that `` training day '' had , but it does n't even come close to achieve that goal . we laugh at the silliness of the story , overdramatic acting and christian bale whose fake accent in this film has to be the worst of the year . he probably thought he was going to get nominated for best actor . this is a miscalculation of great proportions by him and his agent .
i had the same problem as everyone else in getting any of the infantastic dvds from amazon . i waited over two months , kept getting reassured that they were still coming , and then discovered one day that they had simply canceled my order without letting me know . not only did no one ever offer to check with the company directly for the source of the problem or actual anticipated wait itme , but amazon continues to post these items on their web site with a delivery date of 7-11 days , which is at best a misrepresentation , and at worst a complete lie because they are well aware that they ca n't provide the product at all at this point . i do n't really care whose fault it is that the product is never available - amazon needs to stop posting these dvds for purchase until they are confident the orders can be filled in the time noted .
... than have to watch this movie again . it just kept going on and on and on and on and on , like winter in siberia , with no point . at the end , i did n't care whether or not gerda ever found kai -- i was frozen with boredom .
the only reason i gave this movie a star was because there is no zero star option . where does seagal continue to get backing for his movies - the last 8 ( or 10 ? ) have all been awful . his last good release was under seige . i only wish my 401k grew as fast as his waistline . submeged is bad - no suprise there , it will be the last movie of his i watch , i just ca n't take it any more . submerged ? must be a reference to his movie career which went under about a decade ago
the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition
why ? why waste your time and money on producing crap ? sony execs must be out of their minds . the ghostbuster fans have been waiting years , and writing countless petitions to get the episodes on dvd , and this is what they come up with ? no . give us season dvds . give us a 140 episode box set . give us something . not 4 non-sequential episodes on a disc that can hold many times that.what a waste . this product gets 1 star because , apparently , you ca n't give it zero
good lord , but this was awful . normally a & e makes a mean costume drama , but /benedict arnold/ stank like rotting poultry . the dialogue was stilted and incredibly unrealistic , the battle scenes were rendered in clunky slo-mo to cover up the lack of extras , and the costumes appeared to have been rented from a cheap halloween shop ( with the exception of the military uniforms , especially the continentals ' , which were accurate ) . aidan quinn chewed the scenery into pulp and used `` historical voice '' ( the lame semi-british accent affected by actors in costume drama ) . kelsey grammer was pretty darn good as washington , but his lines were horrid , horrid stuff ripped from the pages of a grade-school history text . worst of all were the simpering john andre and peggy arnold , whose rose-garden courtship scene was laughably bad . in short , do n't even bother to rent this . it 's an hour and a half of your life that would be better spent cleaning the house or napping
we have a lawman who for no explained reason starts to investigate the cause of death of a man with 500,000 on him and it all goes down hill from there . there is no rhyme or reason to the story . i gave it two stars because the landscape is great
first of all , the trailer was the best part of the movie & had me expecting a totally different story ... second , the story i got turned out to be the `` grinch who stole christmas '' crossed with `` it 's a wonderful life '' ( the latter of which was even more boring than this hokey remake ) & does n't that therefore make `` santa clause 3 '' so cliche & so done before ? ! third , the kids in the audience seemed to enjoy it , but man was i bored ! ( & i actually enjoyed the original santa clause , so i ca n't blame the boredom factor on the fact that this is supposed to be a kids ' movie ... ) fourth , i found the christmas council to be extremely offensive ( read : inappropriately pagan for a movie that is ostensibly about christmas ) . *****whoop ! whoop ! whoop ! *****spoiler alert ! spoiler alert ! *****read no farther if you have n't already seen the movie ! *****fifth , i found jack frost 's conversion to be ... zzzzzzzzzzzwhazzat ? oof . i must have dozed off for a minute . sorry . now what was i saying ? oh yeah . poor , pitiful , evil jack frost . ( ho hum ) would n't it have been much better to kill him off than convert him ? i mean , come on . is the converted jack frost supposed to be an improvement ? yucky . he 's disgusting ! i liked him much better as a villain . better hair . better duds . i say : just freeze him off next to a wooly mammoth & be done with him . or bring him back in next year 's sequel ( because you know there 's going to be one ) . for goodness ' sake . do we always have to embrace our inner icicle ? ( hurl ) & sixth -- not only jack -- but there was so much about this movie that just did n't make sense ! ( yawn ) okay , i 'm done with it . it 's not even worth the time i took for it ...
i saw this for a good price . i checked for reviews . there were all theese great reviews . whatever ! the movie has pretty much no action . the sound video actin is good , but its lonnggand sloowww . there was some good nudity . that is the only thing keepin me from totally considering this as a loss . ok movie jus dont expect action jus anticipate the nudity cause that is the only thing interesting besides the falcon in this movie . i love falcons , so there you go . i think of it as good enough to keep thats it . maybe ill pop it in to watch a long slow movie with a girlfriend . take this as the downside reviewso all theese other reviews don fool you into thinking this movie is all tha
there are way to many lesbians still killing themselves because of the stresses of being a lesbian , it 's not even mildly acceptable that there are still more suicide as an option - self victimization films that are being praised and sold to us .
quite possibly one of the worst movies of all time . clive owen is really cool , but not in this movie . angelina jolie 's polital agenda totally fueled this film . what a waste of time
with the straight story , lynch demonstrated none of the recognizable trademarks that transformed him into the director that i love . this film felt like a `` blind date '' gone bad . the straight story showed up , david lynch arrived , but the rest of the date felt muddled , confusing , and utterly disastrous . everything in this film seemed wrong . lynch 's choice for lead actor , the bland sissy spacek , the filler of repeat cornfield montages , all the way to the incoherent time spent on the read , i just felt that nobody had control over this picture , yet the randomness ( and the possible tear ending ) gave critics something to smile about . this is not a david lynch film , and for those walking into this with images of mulholland drive , twin peaks , or even eraserhead in their mind will be utterly discombobulated . the straight story attempted to show us a slice of americana via the cornfields of iowa , but for this boy based in the flatlands of illinois , it just seemed repetitive and boring.what initially pulled me away from this film was the technique that lynch used to introduce us to alvin and his daughter rose . alvin lying on the ground because he ca n't get up , the cliché use of taking him to the doctor letting us know that he is deteriorating , while bringing us the central conflict of his brother falling ill was just too much in such a little time frame . spacek 's depiction of rose seemed unbalanced and rather stale . she brought nothing fresh to this rather emotional character outside of a stutter and some unfunny scenes . i expected so much more from spacek with her timeline of cinema , but this felt like something she did on an afternoon instead of providing us with the intensity that she harbors . then , to add more fuel to the fire , there was richard farnsworth . again , he is n't a horrible actor , but it felt like lynch picked him because he fit the role physically , but alas , could n't master it mentally . farnsworth seemed out in left field for a majority of his time onscreen . i could n't tell if he was trying to remember his lines or if he was truly in character . his eyes seemed watery for everything which brought too much emotion to those little scenes , and seemed to bring not enough by the dramatic ending . his entire speech about his time overseas at war was pathetic , while some will quote it as being his speech of a lifetime , i saw it as babble ( and no , i am not that insensitive - i just felt it could have been handled by a stronger , more professional actor ) . the rest of the cast seemed equally as unimportant . i wanted lynch to either go 100 % for this film or none at all , but alas , it felt as if he just half-ed his way through this heap.speaking of david lynch , where did he go in this film ? there were some scenes that i witnessed that screamed the director that i love , but then there were others that just felt like he took pointers from ken burns ' `` looking at america '' class . i hated the sweeping cornfields that seem to plague this film . instead of keeping us by alvin 's side throughout his journey , lynch gave us a repetitive view of farming and corn . there is nothing wrong with this technique when making the epic that one desperately needs to see once in a while , but when the same images were used over and over again , i nearly felt lynch was humoring us with the dulls of iowa instead of being the majestic all the critics raved about . i think he could have been stronger with his filler than what he was with this film . he needed something to couple with the authenticity of alvin , but the stock-footage that he chose to show was definitely not the balance one could hope for . i also felt there was more to be discussed with the friends that he met along the way . alvin was a walking storybook , filled with the way that he led his own life instead of listening to those around him and learning from their experiences as well . lynch made alvin very closed minded , which did not create a strong protagonist for the feature . alvin was a strong character , but i needed more with this story . i wanted him to make choices , learn new things , and bring that to his brother 's table when they eventually met . i felt cheated when this never occurred and felt as if lynch was saying that this journey through americana was that we could learn from alvin , and not vice-versa.overall , i was n't stunned by this picture . i thought lynch could have been stronger with his choice of direction and cast instead of what seemed like he just `` played it safe '' . the overplayed stock footage of cornfields infuriated me due to the lack of time that we could have been spending with alvin . speaking of alvin , why could n't he have been a stronger , better-rounded character ? i felt after watching this film that lynch had duped me into believing that he wanted to paint a picture of america , but instead gave us nothing more than soft music , recycled images , and stock characters . the stories were interesting to listen to , but brought nothing fresh to the table . i must admit that the brotherly love moment brought a tear to my eye ( since i have a brother as well ) , but why could n't we focus on this further . lynch made the riff between the two brothers seem like a toss in the pan , when it was the central focus of this film . the straight story could have been a strong tale bringing in a new image for lynch , but instead it felt jagged and old . i could suggest one viewing for this film , any further , and you will see how dull those cornfields really claim to be ! grade : ** out of ****
hank chinaski ca n't hold a job , ca n't hold a woman , ca n't control his alcoholism , and ca n't make a decent friend because he wallows with the dregs of society . chinaski is the lowest of the semi-functioning drunks , barely able to keep himself in seedy hotels and in liquor.unfortunately , the movie does n't hold much interest besides seedy bars and seedy people . chinaski 's struggles as a writer are only touched upon and not delved into . there 's no budding poet or tragic talent underlying his alcoholism . the closest he comes to poetics , imho , is where he tells his ex-boss openly that he really needs his last check typed out now because he needs to get drunk . 'factotum ' is saved only by the acting and the ability of the costume designer to turn matt dillon ( hank ) , lili taylor ( jan ) , and marisa tormei ( laura ) into sleazy characters who look rode hard and put out wet in each and every scene . the script is stilted , without any highs or lows to it . the movie is n't near as fatalistic as 'leaving las vegas ' , or as hard hitting as 'requiem for a dream ' , and without any of the comedic relief from 'spun ' . the closest comparison would be the jaw-stretching yawn-fest of 'drunks'.even if you love addiction movies like i do , or love dillon or tormei , that still is n't enough to recommend this movie . if curiosity overcomes you as it did me , then rent the movie before buying it . it 's earned two stars for the acting alone . have a ball or something else to play with if you rent this , it 's that boring .
... i turned the movie off . was that supposed to be funny ? yes , some kids ' toy ( that happens to be a small motorized/electric model of a truck ) attacks one unfortunate postman on his route through some deserted village -i mean ; was this taken from the original stephen king-book then shame on you mr.king -that 's overdoing the terror already so overdone . not that the consept of `` trucks '' did n't appeal to me , but this must be perhaps the weakest adaption of the so-called horrormaster so far -believe it or not
abraham lincoln 's law partner once wanted to read some maudlin poetry to abe . once he was done , lincoln said `` the people who like this sort of thing will find it the sort of thing they like . `` beaches is fine . it is obviously a chick flick . bette midler has some real opportunities to sing . the acting is good . the problem is that the plot is so predictable
as i stated before , i have a fabulous thing called `` digital cable '' . one night i was flippin through the channels and this movie was on . i could only watch so much of it before i had to turn it off because the voice dubbing was way off . sometimes that happens with `` digital cable '' , but it usually it will right itself in the end . as i watched for about a half an hour i could not take it anymore . i tried everything to fix it including switching channels , turning on and off the tv , and things of that nature . i even went as far as calling comcast and complaining , but even that was a wasted effort . i eventually had to turn it off because i was a hairs-width away from haymakering morris . well , even though comcast ruined my viewing experience so far , when i was at blockbuster i decided to give it another chance . i know i mentioned that the lead actor could not act but i thought i could look past this , because it might not be completely his fault . for one the visuals could be slightly off like the voices , or it might be because it 's his first movie . who knows but howard 's mind was made up . `` rumble in the bronx '' was to be rented . from what i saw so far on `` digital cable '' , i possibly found a person i could call my mentor , when i enter the world of stuntmen . when i returned home i threw the dvd in the dvd player and guess what ? the dvd was messed up as well , the voice dubbing was totally off key as it was on `` digital cable '' . i raced back to blockbusters and returned it and grabbed another copy , telling them this dvd was broken . i returned home again and tried to watch it . `` what the heck ! ? '' i yelled , `` is the world against howard tuttleman ! ? '' you guessed it that dvd was messed up as too . i even tried it out on another dvd player and it proved to me that the run of dvds blockbuster has were all messed up . i got so frustrated that i threw the dvd out the window ( i rented it on my father 's card so there is no recourse to me ) . after i cooled down alittle bit by blasting away on my harmonica , i was still determined to see this movie . i ran up to best buy in troy , and i found a copy . i asked the servant that was working in the movie section if this is the most updated and newest version , hoping that it was a new pressing . i was happy with his answer and purchased it . well i returned home and made up some popcorn and grabbed a pop . i put the dvd in the dvd player and dimmed the lights . finally , tuttleman will have his moment . well to keep this clean and short , let me say that , that night ended with a baseball bat , three ( 3 ) stitches in my hand , a broken window , and a hefty grounding-sentence ( we are talking weeks here ) . in conclusion , some movies ca n't be good , no matter how cool the stuntman , this movie should be pulled off the shelves because it could possibly start a riot . later .
this series represents the second attempt to revive tz , and is vastly inferior to its predecessor . the series began with some built-in problems , particularly the choice of forest whitaker as host-narrator . mr. whitaker is a fine actor , but a poor choice to host the series , and he appears quite uncomfortable when introducing episodes , often walking around while delivering his opening lines . after watching some of these episodes , one can understand forest 's discomfort ; he probably regretted accepting the job . another major problem is that this series came out on upn , which has never been ( and never will be ) a leader in quality programming . although there are some interesting story ideas , they usually fall flat in the end . `` it 's still a good life '' is a noteworthy example . intended as a sequel to one of the best episodes of the original series , and featuring original cast members cloris leachman and bill mumy ( with the addition of mumy 's daughter , liliana ) , this episode gets off to a good start , but the plot abruptly takes a silly turn , leading to a rushed , nonsensical , and unsatisfying conclusion . this sort of hackneyed plotting occurs throughout the series . talented actors simply can not compensate for lousy writing . this series resembles the original in name only , and even the worst of the mid-80 's episodes is superior to this conglomeration of silly , poorly-written , lame stories . the kindest thing that can be said for this set is that it is reasonably priced and nicely packaged . enjoy it for what it is , but , as andy taylor once told gomer pyle , `` do n't over-expect . ''
just ca n't believe that someone ... with that much money could put out a piece of crap like this ! ! so so disappointing paul ! ! we need a direct live show no film ! and direct to dvd without 90 % of audience ... pauls pretty taken with his old self ! ! nice dye job
... but the movie was just plain stupid . do n't waste your time
dolph lundgren stars as a mercenary sent to kill a tribal leader and then him discovering the wrong of his nation , dull and just plain pointless ( and stupid ) action film suffers from inept action scenes and logic lapses . lundgren is imposing but ca n't act
once again , the powers that be at amazon have chosen to refuse to tell us if ( in this case ) the darin/dee flicks if a man answers and that funny feeling are in widescreen or not . pan-and-scan is garbage , and we wo n't buy it ! ( that 's why i only gave 1 star for now . if they turn out to be widescreen , i 'll give them both 5 stars . ) '' format : color '' does n't cut it . color is n't a format , anyway - it 's a specification or type . widescreen is a format ( as is dvd and vhs , to begin with ) .so why the deep dark secret about certain movies , amazon ? you list many others as being widescreen , so why do you go on to neglect so many other hundreds , though ? if it 's a standard screen piece of junk , go ahead and say so , and be done with it , and we 'll boycott it . but right now all you 're doing by holding back this important information is slowing down sales
this is one of the worst films ever made ! and i mean it ! ! one of the worst scripts i have ever come across . the acting is hammy and the direction is very weak ! there was no reason for this movie to exist ! `` turbulence '' was a good movie and they should of stopped at that but two sequels ! no way ! if you like the 1st mabye try `` turbulence 2 : fear of flying '' but stay away of the 3rd . this is one terrible movie ! believe me !
this is not a review of this item , but the whole series . not only are the films in this bundle not all musicals , this bundle is sent intstead of the purchased bundle . until amazon straightens out the mess in titles , forget ordering alice faye and betty grable bundles : particularly marquee musicals .
alright ... .own up . which idiots are responsible for the release of this `` musicals '' collection ? since when have `` pinky '' and `` island in the sun '' been musicals ? ? ? ? ? these two movies are hard hitting dramas with a similar inter-racial relationships theme.would someone please tell them that , just because harry belafonte sings the title song over the credits , this does not make `` island in the sun '' a musical.i suppose in their book , because shirley bassey sings the title song over the credits , this makes `` goldfinger '' a musical too ? ? it makes me so mad that we have idiots in charge of releasing these great old movies who have no idea what they are doing.it seems to be a case of `` ..oh , just grab six movies off that shelf and lump them together . `` .if they do n't know which are the best titles to release in a certain set , why do n't they ask someone who does know ?
warning : spoilers abound.okay folks , i was flipping channels and came across a movie called the hole , starring thora birch , keira knightley and desmond harrington . now , aside from this terrible blunder i 'm going to tell you about in just a few more sentences , the film was fairly entertaining . i dig thora birch , and her character was really well-played . what really shocked me though , was my quick research after the film was over . i mean , i checked imdb , rotten tomatoes and wikipedia . although all reputable sources , none mentioned this ridiculous mistake.have you ever been so utterly sure of something so blantantly , painstakingly obvious that it would literally take an entirely different , alien planet to be able to even minutely comprehend the vast insipidness of its vacuous residents ? that 's how i felt after watching this movie and realizing that apparently i 'm the only goddamn human being on this prosaic , infantile planet who immediately saw the dimwitted aberration for what it was ! and what exactly was this stupendous error , you ask ? well ... it 's very simple . i mean , it could n't get more common sensically moronic than this . the basic plot of the film is four teenagers trapped in an old war bunker . the movie begins with thora birch 's rendition of what happened : that her friend set this whole thing up , locked them in the 'hole ' and did n't come back when he was supposed to . she escapes and the three others die . the story changes from what she originally told her psychiatrist to what actually happened . turns out the only way out was actually locked from the inside and thora had the key the whole time . the other teenagers die for various reasons , irrelevant to the blunder at hand , and she ends up telling the tale to her psychiatrist from inside the bunker . in the end , she kills the guy who set it up and plants the key on him . the police come and find thora and her psychiatrist in the 'hole ' and after rebuking the psychiatrist , mention that the case is now closed . at that moment , a flashback shows thora murdering her friend that set everything up and planting the key on him . right after that moment , i said to myself : `` what the heck ? the door locks from the inside ? ! it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that either a ) the door was never locked , or b ) someone had to unlock it from the inside ! '' alright , those were n't my exact words , but good god , it 's so obvious ! and that , my friends , has got to be possibly the worst film blunder ever
the manchurian candidate is a sluggish remake and updating of the 1962 classic starring frank sinatra . this film is a case study in why some movies should never be redone . this is a film that takes globalized issues and reduces them to personal jealousies . afraid to assert a viewpoint , the script meanders . denzel washington plays the sinatra role of ben markoe . he seems dazed on camera as though he is struggling to remember his lines . washington , normally a gifted actor , plays the part without any conviction whatsoever and uncharacteristically brings zero charisma to the role.markoe discovers that his gulf war comrade-in-arms , raymond shaw , soon to be the next vice-president of the united states , has been the subject of mind control experimentation by manchurian global , a vast multinational conglomerate . raymond 's handler is his senator mother ( meryl streep in the role of an ice queen ) . by diluting the threat from communism to capitalism , the producers lose sight of the most powerful elements of the story . after all , it is no great achievement to convince a major american political candidate to back big business , and so the grotesqueries of shaw 's brainwashing get lost against the backdrop , seeming less heinous than merely greedy , even when shaw becomes a programmed murderer at the hands of his avaricious , amoral , and possibly incestuous mother.why the film created the unlikely manchurian global corporation as the demon of the day and shied away from any real political controversy is indicative of the manchurian global mindset that has gripped hollywood . god forbid we should point a finger at mainland china ( or anyplace else ) ; it might reduce the bottom line . this film says more about its creators than about the threat it attempts to portray.do yourself a huge favor and stick with the original .
the only good thing on this dvd are the interview segments with gidget gein . this was the most boring dvd i have ever watched and i actually started to fall asleep the first time i attempted to watch it
i bought this because i was familar with the space ghost show and liked it and the fact that this was 50 % off . it is strange in an uncomfortable way and tends to be very long in parts
normally the prices on here are competative but i agree they 're off base heredeep disciunt dvd is over $ 100.00 less for this set and free shippingc'mon amazo
i have been waiting to see this film for a while now . and i just finally saw it i 'm very dissapointed . this was nothing but a low budget horror flick with cheap trills . the film sucks ! ! ! the nazi zombies coming back from there watery graves to terrorize modern day tourist that are in a small boat . and get stranded on a deserted isolated island . was a great ! idea except that with this film you 're going to be very bored and dissapointed if you ask me . i was expecting a lot more than this the zombie nazi 's make up looks silly . they 're not even frightning or scary they just made me laugh . the picture quality has aged even if it 's dvd format very grainy poor picture quality . i have seen other movies from the 1970 's on dvd and the picture quality looks excellent almost like new or like it has been digitally remasterd for it 's age . but this was awful . the only good thing it has was decent acting lol . like i said before this is nothing but a ( low budget cheap horror film ) rent it if you like . but dont purchased it it will be a waste of your money and time .
after doing this film steve martin quit doing movies for a while and even turned down scripts written for him so if your a huge fan you may enjoy it , but roxanne , la story , and bowfinger are some of steve 's best works .
as the reviews below indicate , `` arthur '' has a lot of fans -- when it was released in 1981 vincent canby of the new york times found it a wonderful `` screwball comedy '' ( although over time , times readers , perhaps more discerning than vincent , have only rated it 3 out of 5 stars ) and bravo listed it # 10 on its list of best comedies ( see below ) . i first saw dudley moore in `` foul play , '' thought he was very funny . based upon that , i bought `` 10 '' and `` arthur , '' as it turned out a downward trajectory.what i dislike about `` arthur '' is moore playing a loud , obnoxious drunk telling unfunny jokes , and minelli playing a salt-of-the-earth working girl who loves arthur for himself , not for his $ 750 million fortune . even john gielgud , who was great in `` the loved one '' a much better comedy , ca n't resurrect this turkey.okay , folks . start casting your negative votes . in the meantime , here 's the bravo 100 best comedies list:100 . anchorman 99 . the birdcage 98 . school of rock 97 . happy gilmore 96 . four weddings and a funeral 95 . harold & kumar go to white castle 94 . waiting for guffman 93 . the aristocrats 92 . father of the bride 91 . revenge of the nerds 90 . clueless 89 . slapshot 88 . team america 87 . the kentucky fried movie 86 . zoolander 85 . dirty rotten scoundrels 84 . silver streak 83 . sister act 82 . tootsie 81 . half baked 80 . lost in america 79 . three amigos 78 . bananas 77 . flirting with disaster 76 . ghostbusters 75 . dumb and dumber 74 . trading places 73 . city slickers 72 . moonstruck 71 . roxanne 70 . the nutty professor ( eddie murphy ) 69 . the blues brothers 68 . broadcast news 67 . kingpin 66 . dazed and confused 65 . office space 64 . this is spinal tap 63 . manhattan 62 . the pink panther 61 . election 60 . when harry met sally 59 . police academy series 58 . private benjamin 57 . swingers 56 . young frankenstein 55 . bull durham 54 . ferris bueller 's day off 53 . dr. strangelove 52 . meet the parents 51 . national lampoon 's vacation 50 . the princess bride 49 . american pie 48 . american graffiti 47 . 9 to 5 46 . the incredibles 45 . raising arizona 44 . sixteen candles 43 . what about bob ? 42 . harold and maude 41 . austin powers 40 . monty python and the holy grail 39 . mrs. doubtfire 38 . best in show 37 . dodgeball 36 . good morning vietnam 35 . beetlejuice 34 . rushmore 33 . clerks 32 . groundhog day 31 . the big lebowski 30 . the 40 year old virgin 29 . legally blonde 28 . annie hall 27 . a fish called wanda 26 . wayne 's world 25 . meet the fockers 24 . bill & ted 's excellent adventure 23 . big 22 . beverly hills cop 21 . shampoo 20 . the jerk 19 . wedding crashers 18 . stripes 17 . m*a*s*h 16 . old school 15 . fast times at ridgemont high 14 . napoleon dynamite 13 . naked gun series 12 . the producers 11 . pee-wee 's big adventure10 . arthur 9 . ace ventura : pet detective 8 . blazing saddles 7 . the wedding singer 6 . airplane 5 . south park : bigger , longer , uncut 4 . there 's something about mary 3 . shrek 2 . caddyshack 1 . animal housemy suggested additions : `` the loved one , '' `` leap of faith , '' `` used cars , '' `` eulogy '' and `` drop dead , gorgeous . ''
i agree that this is technically an excellent film . but it is also unrelentingly grim and without a payoff of any kind . given the lowlifes who inhabit this story its hard not to sympathize a bit with richard widmark 's character . his enthusiasm is as boundless as his optimism . but in the end he does n't just lose ; he is literally thrown away as garbage . and then there is the wrestling scene which was so gruesome it was hard to take . all in all , i was left with the question , what is the point ? the commentary leaves a lot to be desired as well . its basicly a description of what you 're watching , while you 're watching it.i see everyone regards this as a masterpiece so i 'll watch it again but as film noir goes there is something very unsatisfying about this movie .
steven spielberg 's classic masterpiece jaws did not have a stellar plot . it was a bubblegum storyline : a monstrous shark terrorizes a beach town on the east coast . in the hands of any other director , it would have been a terrible film , something to laugh at on lonely saturday nights while chowing down popcorn . in the hands of mr. spielberg , however , it became one of the very finest and most memorable films ever made . steven spielberg 's hands were nowhere near jaws : the revenge.okay , so here 's the plot . remember jaws 3-d ? well , that never happened . chief brody - from the first movie - is dead . his wife , ellen brody ( lorraine gary ) , is living a happy life in amity until her youngest son is killed - by a great white shark . ellen flies down to the bahamas with her other son , michael brody ( lance guest ) . though her family and friends assure her that she is crazy , ellen believes that the shark from the first movie - yes , the one that chief brody killed - is back for revenge , hunting down her family and killing them one-by-one . even though it died . in the first movie . confused ? any sensible moviegoer would be . it 's best to completely shut down your brain while watching the third jaws sequel . as you now know , the story is completely absurd . the script , by michael de guzman , is unintentionally hilarious , filled with outrageously funny dialogue . for example , in one scene , pilot hoagie ( played by michael caine ! ) is courting ellen brody.hoagie : i have an irresistible urge to kiss you , ellen brody.ellen : why ? hoagie : because ... it would not occur to you why.and if that 's not confusing enough for you , feast upon this nugget of dialogue , from a conversation between michael and ellen brody.ellen : why did you come out here ? why did you come out here ? michael : mom ! mom ! why did you take the boat ? ellen : it [ the shark ] kept coming ! michael : do n't you realize what you 're doing ? ellen : i 've tried to tell you , there was nothing else to do ! michael : mom , you should n't have done it.ellen : i 've tried to tell you , i 've tried ! joseph sargent 's directing is terrible ; it 's clear that the actors have no clue what they are doing . which may be why the acting is so horrible . the highlight of the cast is lance guest , whose straight-faced performance overshadows the very talented michael caine 's by a longshot . the horrid acting is forgivable , however ; after all , how could someone even attempt to keep a straight-face in a film so absurd ? a film in which sharks roar , swim from new england to the bahamas to kill family members , and leap thirty feet out of the water ? on the plus side , jaws : the revenge is enormously fun to watch , thanks to its ridiculousness and unpurposeful hilarity . it is very likely one of the worst films ever made - jaws 3-d looks like the original when compared to this film - but if there 's nothing else on tv some late night , grab some popcorn and a frosty beverage and enjoy the absurdity that is jaws : the revenge
this film is visually stunning and impressive , and has talented and credible actors . unfortunately , there is barely a story with a lot of poorly-developed characters who are `` trained '' /brainwashed and instructed in the ways of death and inhumanity . the settings and group `` sermons '' from nazi officials are striking and convincing , but there is nothing that ties it all together . our hero fails to strike the `` killer blow '' and is stripped , literally and figuratively , of all status and walks away . the end.i 'm forced to comment that this is marketed as a gay film , and i was surprised by how un-gay it was . in fact , the two boy `` friends '' work together at one point to spy on a lady in a state of undress . it 's more about a childhood relationship in the midst of chaos than anything else . i have issues with some of the pacing as well . i found myself pressing the fast forward button several times , and did n't really seem to miss much . not a good sign.so , for what it is , it 's okay . certainly not a masterpiece , and certainly not something to run out and buy .
this video 's only redeeming quality is its excellent pilates instruction . like all stott videos this one takes extra care to explain proper form and technique . unfortunately , the aerobics portion is extremely boring and simple . you just walk in place the whole time with no interesting variations . if you are looking for a video for a beginner , this one might work for you if you are truly new to exercise and are really out of shape . although i consider myself a beginner when it comes to exercise , this video was too easy for me . i have n't exercised consistently in several years . however , i do have a moderately active lifestyle . i walk and hike on occassion and i play with my kids at the park -- that sort of thing . if you have trouble with everyday activities because you are out of shape , this would be a great place to start . if you are somewhat fit , this video might be too easy for you as well . you might also like this video if you feel like you have no coordination . there are no fancy moves at all . if you can walk , you can do this video . i like simple steps , but this was too simple . in general , though , i think you 'd be better off saving your money and taking a walk . spend your money on one of the other excellent stott videos that focuses exclusively on pilates
two of the worst stories in the history of tos , but for different reasons . the 'way to eden ' makes the mistake of trying to be trendy , and so dates badly . what the real problem is though is that it makes the enterprise crew seem to be the disapproving establishment , especially of all people captain kirk . 'requiem for methuselah ' is at heart a reasonable story with the assertion that one man could be responsible for the work of da vinci , brahms and others . what it completely fails to do is have any appreciation for kirk 's relationships with women . threre is no way any woman would have kirk obsessed to the point he would fight for her , he is far to full of his own importance for that . this effectively trashes any credibility that the story would have had because this is the crux of the whole episode . a real pity
this was not the entire version of the hbo special . i was disappointed because some of my favorite parts were missing from this dvd . if i had known it was n't the entire show i would n't have bought it
`` the last american virgin '' was literally one of the worst movies i 've ever seen , and that 's saying a lot . it 's not a surprise no one from this film went on to any sort of stardom . the writing was terrible , the acting was terrible , the direction was terrible , the pacing was terrible , the jokes were god-awful , etc . even the girls were n't really that attractive ( with the huge '80s hair and bad fashion ) ! i mean , what the hell was that fat , ugly , dorky girl with the glasses doing in this movie , and , even more perplexing , why was our `` hero '' trying to lay her ? ? and why was our `` hero '' best friends with that jerk who kept screwing him over with the girl he was in love with ? they would be at each other 's throats in one scene and then best friends in the next ! i would say that the only redeeming quality of this movie was the soundtrack , but then they started repeating the same songs over and over again . i guess the producers ran out of money to fund the rights to extra songs . they played `` whip it '' twice , `` shake it up '' at least three times , and , at last count , `` just once '' like five times , when `` once '' was certainly enough . songs that i did n't know at the beginning of the movie i knew by heart word for word by the end . to top it all off , this movie had one of the worst , most disastrous endings i 've ever seen . i can maybe understand if this was a heartfelt , coming-of-age drama , but when you 're doing a mindless , teen-sex comedy , you do n't end on a downer and depress the audience ! after all the hell our `` hero '' goes through , he ends up driving home alone without the girl and still a virgin , and then , without any follow-up or warning , the credits start rolling ! i was like , `` what the hell ? `` the only great thing about the movie is that i had a ball paying `` mst3k , '' only no one was around to appreciate my witty , sardonic remarks , so i 'll have to reproduce them here for your pleasure : on arguing with your `` best friend '' over the `` love of your life '' : '' hey , i stalked her first ! '' on sparking up a romance with said girl : '' remember our awkward conversation in my pizza mobile ? did n't that mean anything to you ? ? '' on declaring your love for said girl : '' i 've loved you ever since i destroyed your bike just so you 'd talk to me ! '' on major operations , `` not that big a deal '' : real line ( referring to the girl 's upcoming abortion ) : `` hey , it happens all the time . it 's not that big a deal . `` my line : `` yeah , it 's a simple coat hanger procedure ! `` ( and later ) real line : `` i know dozens of girls who 've done it ! `` my line : `` i 've helped all the gals in the neighborhood . they call me dr . abortion ! '' on nerds at parties : '' man , there 's nothing cooler than sucking from a juice box with a straw ! aww , yeah ! ! '' on fat girls , inconsistent characterizations of : real line : `` you know i have to be home by a quarter to 12 ! `` ( a minute later ) '' you said you had drugs ! where are they ? `` my line : `` i have to be home by midnight or my parents will kill me ! so fu*k me in the a $ $ and let 's do some blow before they come home ! '' on choose your mate carefully : ( as our `` heroes '' scratch their balls after having sex with a promiscuous , older woman ) `` nothing 's funnier than getting gonorrhea , eh folks ? ! `` skip this dreck and rent `` fast times at ridgemont high '' instead . at least that one had phoebe cates
a broad range of jewish-related-topic movies varies from `` trembling before the g ... d '' to `` the holy land '' , where jewish humor , emphasis on the holocaust and musical inclusions are predominantly accustomed features of . of course , modern israeli cinematograph concentrates more on day-by-day israeli reality , incorporating h o h m e s ( sarcastic jokes ) if necessary . something more linking to a secular modern american reality supposedly depicted in this film does not impress me at all because of a surrealistic mixture of sex-bent traditionally-characteristic inter-religious-confession-gesheft ( profit ) pieces of gay-lesbian-adultery-quickie-drug-secular-hasidic traces of affairs , which is too much for one hour plus story of enjoying their seder continuingly.sorry , it is definitely not my cap of tea . if even this play is r-rated .
synopsis ( including ending ) : don ameche ( gino ) , a chicago shoe shine man , is approached by the mafia to go to jail for `` 3 to 5 years '' to take the place of their mafia boss accused of murder because he bears a striking resemblance to him . they 'll pay him yearly and satisfy his lifelong dream of fishing on a boat . joe mantegna ( jerry ) takes don ameche ( gino ) on a 3 day vacation to satisfy his every wish before he 's incarcerated . joe mantegna is on probation from the mob , after disobeying orders from a previous job . joe mantegna goes `` outside channels '' to take don ameche ( gino ) to lake tahoe to the `` galaxy '' hotel where they stay , wine and dine , and try to have a good time . things turn difficult when a local real mafia boss brings don ameche ( gino ) to his house as a guest and they form a bond . the real mafia boss has a gathering of crime bosses planned and don ameche and joe mantegna are caught in the middle . they escape the gathering and on the day don ameche is brought back to chicago , joe mantegna is orderedto kill don ameche and make it look like a suicide . `` it 's cleaner this way ... '' , he 's told.joe mantegna refuses the order , and the film ends with a mafia employee testifyingin court and getting sentenced to jail for 20 years to life.the good : joe mantegna is an underrated actor generally and it was nice to see a familiar face inthe real mafia boss in lake tahoe . other than that , there 's nothing else going forthis one except a slightly funny scene with the concierge.the bad : the mob wants tough guys , right ? this is a comedy , right ? no ones a tough guy and there 's no laughs.joe mantegna plays a sissy instead of a mafia tough guy . don ameche plays a senile acting senior with no personality . i wanted to like this film but i coulde n't because it was very slow , very boringand none of the characters were interesting . we never have a scene with the real mafia boss that looks like don amecha and the two never meet . you would expect a friendly `` thanks for going to jail for 3 to 5 years for me '' but it does n't happen.at the end someone for the mob is dressed up like the real mafia boss and he'stestifying in court and gets sentenced to jail . he does n't look anything like donameche or the real mafia boss and yet , he 's right there taking the fall.if the film did n't need to depend on don ameche 's appearance , why didn'tthey send him to jail from the beginning ? the worst david mamet experience i 've had . very surprising stinker.the characters : if don ameche played a less passive character he would have been more interesting.if joe mantegna showed more conflict as a character with reasons behind them , he would have been more interesting . as the film stands , they 're both flat.don ameche had no personality and his only lines are the ones other charactersused . when a character says something , you can be sure don ameche repeats it30 minutes later like a senile robot . don ameche 's dialogue leaves a lot to be desired . add to that his boring and stale acting in this film . he played very dumb , not interesting , like a real man in crisis about to go tojail for money.overall , joe mantegna was not believable as a mafia hired hand . don ameche was too passive and uninteresting , and joe mantegna is too passive and stale.scene criticism : a couple scenes stand out as being very weak and unrealistic . ( gas station scene where joe mantegna is given $ 3 more in gas than he asked for ) joe mantegna is working for the mob , and he asks for $ 1 of gas , and gets $ 4 . he does n't have the cash to pay , and when the gasattendant takes the car keys his reaction is `` please , please , please '' a real mob guy would punch the gas attendant , take back the keys , and leave for the plane they were late for . a mob guy that wo n't defend himself for $ 3 ? ( scene with don ameche offered money to go to jail for 3 to 5 years ) don ameche does n't put up a fight or try to leave the room , and is too passive . we do n't learn about his past or his life or family . there 's not enough time spent on the offer , and the scene wasover valued for it 's lasting value . ( bedroom scene with joe mantegna trying to let don ameche escape ) joe mantegna had no real connection to don ameche 's characterto justify the scene . instead it 's 2 strangers . personal commentary : the test for a comedy for me is - `` how many times did i laugh ? `` this film never made me laugh . i 'm shocked the film costs $ 24.99 on dvd . rent it instead . it belongs in the $ 1 bin at wal-mart.writing criticism : lines like `` he 's the guy behind the guy behind the guy behind the guy '' and lines like `` a big man knows the value of a small coin '' and the story about the grasshopper and the ant make no sense.the writing is drivel.alternative recommended film : `` trading places '' with dan aykroyd and eddie murphy and alsodon ameche , albeit in a smaller role
i purchased this dvd and i was shocked to see the terrible violence and gore . especially on innocent animals . i would n't recommend this dvd to the faint of heart . especially to persons under 18 . this was certainly a bad choice of purchase on my part
every lakers fan i 've ever met lives in the past sadly now . to them , the clock stopped when kareem and magic hung up the shoes [ and we know why magic had to leave ] . their basketball knowledge from the 60s to the 90s is rewarding . after this , however , they do n't have a clue of what has happened to this once mighty and moral organization.the lakers have been a good team over the decades [ as apparent on this dvd set ] , but the run of greatness is coming to a long slide with kobe driving the bus . the lakers were once considered the green bay packers of the nfl , but now they 're just lucky to even get close to a playoff spot over a majority of the teams in the western conference which are much better than the present lakers.i recently attended a game last fall at the staples center , and besides all of the celebs eating hummus in the stands , i could barely hear myself think over phil jackson 's mantra `` i told you so . `` further illustrating how things have changed in la , jack nicholson has become embarrassed to wear anything purple or yellow.so it is understandable that laker fans would rather focus on the achievements of magic and kareem , than rather extol the diminishing skills of kobe since his colorado folly . there are some good games on this dvd along with great moments from the baylor , chamberlain , west days . i recommend any laker fan to purchase this dvd set to relive the past.so laker fans , keep living in the past if you so desire . maybe kobe will retire and become a man of the cloth and lead the lakers to the nba championship promised land once again.long live the forum [ or the staple remover center ] or whatever they are calling the lakers home now
overall , i have always enjoyed robin william and billy crystal 's performance in many other movies , but i must admit to my surprise that it was n't making me laughing on the floor as i usually do . the script was boring and the plot was downright disppointing . did n't like the ending . it was like a stupid wild goose chase for both of them and end up accepting that the mother of the son lied to them . which is really a bad example for younger audience to see this and thinking it 's normal for mothers to lie . i hope someday to see both robin and billy to act together in another movie in the near future and hopefully better script than this one
this mediocre effort is disappointingly unfunny . considering the comedic caliber of its two stars , billy crystal and robin williams , i was expecting a laugh riot , but that 's not what this is . it 's not their fault , it 's the scriptwriter 's . i guess maybe it was just one of those scripts that read funny on paper , but that humor just did n't translate to the screen , despite the best efforts of mssrs . crystal and williams . they deserve better , and so do we
not what i expected when renting this movie . as others have said clarissa came off too pure and innocent . futhermore , i do n't understand why such a viriginal woman would run off to be with one of the most horrid men in the world ? everyone knows what lovelace has done..there are numerous accounts . yet she goes with him anyway ? blah . the acting was ok . the costumes were excellent ( i love period movies ) but the plot dragged and dragged and dragged . and as another put it , i was very glad when clarissa kicked the bucket.i read a lot of historical fiction , classic novels and love period movies , but there was no liking this one . it just couldnt be done
this movie is soooooo boring ! ! ! ! the only thing good about this movie is the superfly soundtrack laced by none other than curtis mayfield ! ! ! avoid this movie . it sucks
the only reason i 'm reviewing this movie now is because i just watched it on tv today . and the only reason i watched it was because nothing else was on . so ... no , let 's be fair . i did enjoy analyze this , i really did , though it was n't a masterpiece that would remain with me for the rest of my life , or even for the rest of the day . and i do love both billy crystal and robert de niro ; they made a fantastic comedic duo in the first movie . i did n't have very high expectations , though , because i rarely expect too much of sequels . once again , i was proven right.analyze that illustrates perfectly why ` sequel ' sounds like such a dirty word . the original film had a spark of originality ; the sequel merely takes the same idea and the same jokes and tries to make them funny again . but of course , that could never work . it 's the same problem with almost every comedic sequel : those who have n't seen the original would n't understand the jokes , and those who have already heard them before . and that is why they fail time after time.so what does this movie have ? a great comedic duo , a couple of really funny guys . yeah , and ? fathers ' day had an even better pair , look what happened to that . a couple of good mafia jokes ? sure , sure . i even cracked a smile on several occasions . but that is n't enough . there are thousands of comedy films out there ; not many of them have that special something that makes them memorable , and producers think they 'll improve their odds by recycling the ones that work instead of trying to get new ideas . newsflash : think again . nobody watches these movies . there 's no reason to when you can just watch the original again
i an not a prude but i watched this movie after it was recommended by a friend . i watches this movie with a pretty liberal girlfriend and we both found it to be extremely vulgar and not even funny , with the exception of the fist scene.and the language was ridiculous and gross ! yuk
a star is born is a disturbing film for all the wrong reasons . by failing to get the audience to sympathize with a movie star 's tragic downfall , the film displays a schizophrenic quality . there is almost a breakdown in the relationship between the audience and what happens on screen . this is in no part due to the performances by the lead actors ; it 's the nature of the material itself . perhaps if we were to see the james mason character as a likeable star before failure and booze drain away his ambition and reason for living , the audience would understand what the garland character sees in him and we could sympathize with both characters . instead , we see garland 's character despairing over a not very likeable washed-up drunk and we 're left feeling as empty as the film itself
this is a nice item to add to a collection of d & d trinkets , but in no way is good . it is lacking in story and acting . a lot of the scenes were pleasant , but i was never `` compelled '' by the story.i would only recommend this to a hard core collector or a funny break from your current game..
it has been a couple years since i 've seen this , and i can still honestly say that it 's like watching a andy warhol movie of salvor dail puking . a kind of swirly colorful mess , with brendan fraser and bridget fonda stuck in the ooze of ick , and ca n't escape it 's yuck of a screenplay ... on a positive note , jim carrey is n't in it . other then that , nothing can redeem henry selick , kaja blackley , and sam hamm for this putrid monstrosity , and i mean that from the bottm of my heart
ah ... um ... well , my brother picked this up not too long ago , and , well ... it sucks ! it 's the worst of the whole series ! i thought it would have to do with the mask michael wears in the others , but not a ficken thing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i gave it two stars because i liked the killing scene in the hospital , but then i took one because of how bad the rest was..
in this film made in uk and luxembourg , madeline stowe stars as senga . senga and her daughter nat are driving at midnight after visiting nat 's father . they bicker the whole trip and it just increases when they stop for a break at a rest stop . nat runs away with a mysterious girl who tries and recruits her into a mysterious cult . and we are left with a nerve wracked mother doing all she hectically can to retrieve her daughter.both the daughter and mother eventually learn that this cult kills people for their blood . why they do so is never explained . and even at this point when senga is trying to rescue nat , she still acts like a brat . the last third of the movie seems to just generate more confusion . and becomes unbelievable and my main reason for the rating i assigned.that good part of the movie has to be attributed to the direction , not the wirtting . the movie is dark and suspenseful . though you do not know what really is transpiring in this movie , it does keep you on the edge of the seat as senga tries to rescue her daughter
this is bring to your notice that the product that i have orderd has not reached me yet . i request you to do the needful.thanking youprince georg
agree that it was beautifully filmed , but ... . there must have been a great deal lost in the translation
`` a provocative and surprising thriller . '' ( fangoria ) yeah it is surprising , surprising-ly bad . it 's also provocative , it provoked me to write this bad review . from the beginning i could tell the director , chris fisher , was attempting to create a stylistic film . however , after the third pointless scene of swirling overlapping shots and panning camera work i gave up . if you 're using style , have a reason . style without reason is not style . this film is one thing , if nothing else , a great lesson in how to over use overlapping shots ( also known as crossdisolving shots ) . drink too much and spin around for 10 seconds and you 'll get the same effect as the camera work/editing of the film . there 's so much overlapping shots in this film , there 's probably 2 1/2 hours of footage on the screen in the 85 minutes that the film is . it 's full of tallent , bad tallent . it 's more about naked women , sex , and drugs than the actual story . i expected a cheap nock-off of the life of david gale . i would have enjoyed that 100 times more that this . this is bad , annoyingly bad . some moron wanted to make a film and got all hung up editing . annette davey , the editor , should have her name removed from the film . unless , for some unknown reason , she 's proud of her work . if i was studio head at silver nitrate entertainment and somone presented me the final cut of this film , i 'd have everyone and anyone associated with it fired , immediately without question . sony pictures home entertainment made a mistake with the distribution of this film . if you enjoy good movies and great camera work , stay away from this film
this version , bears very little resemblance to the book with a confusing story , but at same time seems to expect that you have read the book to fill in the gaps of its story . the book was a simple good story , why did they abandon it and the characters so completely ? the sets and costumes are great , but can the makers of such a bad film be trusted to have made them authenic for the period ? i have only watched the first disc , but it be a while before i will be able to force myself to watch the others .
she is a little poser ! ! ! kimi is the most gross and irritating of the babies . wearing that stupid little diaper , always so happy . she wo n't be so happy when i kick her between the legs . also , those stupid little cowboy boots . she really sucks . i 'd like to see her get really injurewd and cry . that shown her ! ! ! the movie was good , but she stinks
this pilot is so bad , the acting , the writing , the directing , the costumes ... it 's a miracle that b5 ever got even one season approved by the suits . at least they could have gotten decent actors - pretty much , every character on this pilot is represented by a piss-poor actor . and the writing is grade-school ( i think this is what real people do ) tripe.horrible , rotten , useless junk ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
my husband and i loved the original amityville and were so disappointed by this remake . with the special effects we have nowadays i thought this movie would have been great , i was wrong . it was pure hollywood garbage .
no reviews for this video as the disk i have got has nothing recorded on it and it has a flat and rough gray inside surface with no silver surface of recorded movie and when inserted into the player a message of no disk is displayed . as the shipping cost is to be born by the buyer in case a dvd is defective and in my case the shipping cost is much more than the dvd as i have to ship in from india . so i can just throw it in the garbage bin and suggest you guys that kindly watch out for this disk .
second straight-to-video sequel to 1995 's `` the substitute '' has part-time mercenary , part-time substitute teacher treat williams taking over for a college professor who was brutally beaten by her juiced-up jock students . williams and his new team of operatives are out to uncover a steroid scandal linking the university 's football team to a local mafia goon . pretty good in a dumb saturday afternoon movie type of way but the third act is more cheesy and full of holes then ... well , swiss cheese , i guess
having seen the most shocking of horror films that relish in the grotesque and stay in our minds like a stain on our brain and enjoyed them i began to watch this film with a sceptical eye . having watched 10 minutes of the film i ejected the dvd that it had been burned onto and smashed it convinced that if the devil does exist then he exists purely in this film . do not watch this film . it exploits everything that is wrong with humanity and leaves a taste in your mouth that you can never rid yourself of . the only positive thing that i have to say about this film is that after watching it and finding myself sicked and deeply disturbed i know that in one way or another that i must be a good person . do not watch this film ! !
this is the worst transfer to dvd i 've ever seen ! ! ! i think the vhs copy looks and sounds better , do not waste your money ! !
i had heard of cannibal ferox for quite some time before watching it . i heard that it was the most violent film ever made . i enjoyed umberto lenzis eaten alive and thought this would be even better . i was dead wrong . cannibal ferox is a boring , unpleasent film that definatly doesnt live up to its infamous reputation . im not saying that cannibal ferox isnt gory or violent but i cant see how it was ever banned in 31 countrys . the few gore scenes are pretty effective , but that dosnt make up for the films many many flaws . if it was for giovanni lombardo radice [ one of my favorite italian horror actors ] starring in it , cannibal ferox would only earn 1 star .
if you must see a cannibal film stick to cannibal holocaust . the grindhouse release is well worth the money . however the grindhouse release of ferox is just awful . the picture quality is horrendous . the movie is lacking any redeemable quality . there are a few violent moments , but just a few . one of the absolute worst italian horror/exploitation films made . if cannibal holocaust is the citizen kane of cannibal films , then ferox is the plan 9 .
by the title i would be led to believe that there is more than one george story . there is one george and a few others , one of which scares my 2 1/2 year old . i thought the stories would be animated . however , some ( including george ) are pictures from a story book . we love to read books , but videos should be more than photos of a story book . would not recommend this
i would love to provide a review of this dvd , however since i 've not received it , despite having placed my order in august ( it 's now november ) and having written to amazon customer service about the matter ( as yet unanswered ) i 'm afraid any review will have to wait
i waited over 30 years to see this film , and now that i have -- i 'm glad i waited that long . its glaring defects might not have been so obvious to me 30 years ago . nicholas , alexandra , their daughters , their son , the people surrounding them -- not only are they not fictional , but thanks to the era in which they lived , they were photographed , we know what they actually looked like . so who on earth did the casting ? ! it was impossible to tell one grand duchess from another , and as for alexandra -- in the first few scenes , i had trouble distinguishing the actress from someone in drag . janet suzman was the worst casting flub of all , unless you count the stilted manner in which michael jayston delivered his lines . what a stiff and boring character he makes nicholas to be . yet there are photos extant of nicholas smiling as he played with his children . nicholas was also portrayed as obsessed with holding on to his power as tsar . but in the robert massie book after which the movie was purportedly modeled , it was very clear that nicholas was acutely aware of his responsibilities to the russian people , as well as to his family , and above all his son , the future tsar . there was nothing exceptional about his behavior ; most of europe at the time was ruled by kings and queens , and to all of them , the thought of losing their thrones was simply unthinkable.yet this film falls into the trap most of us do , of judging history not on the basis of its own terms , but with our usual spectacularly accurate 20/20 hindsight . having been fed soviet propaganda for 75 years , we have it entrenched in our minds that nicholas was an extremely poor ruler . that 's the stunning success of the massie book , that someone who had absolutely no connection to russians , and no connection to royalty save for the one coincidence of both their sons having hemophilia , was able to overcome the general ( and erroneous ) `` knowledge '' of his time and write the kind of sympathetic biography of this family that was long lacking . the movie , on the other hand , makes nicholas look petty , and alexandra slightly over the edge.one petty anachronism was the scene that showed the royal family praying just prior to nicholas 's sending off his troops into world war i . it was badly researched , to the point of ludicrousness . the tsars of russia were all orthodox christians . orthodox christianity has its own very distinctive music ; in fact , russian orthodox chant is very different from greek orthodox chant . so what kind of background music did the director choose ? gregorian , of course ! can we at least *strive* for a little authenticity ? ! apparently not . massie wrote in considerable detail about the attitude of the romanovs towards their captors , how their guards had to be changed every three or so months because they kept winning over the bolsheviks : `` you are n't anything like what we thought , '' was the most frequently quoted comment on the subject . the movie showed nothing of that . well -- in the end , it was this exact trait of graciousness and consideration towards their captors that ended up getting the romanov family canonized in the russian orthodox church . that movement was well underway by 1971 ; i wonder , if the directors and producers had done a little more thorough research , if the film would have been a tad more sympathetic to these five people caught between two worlds and two cultures.all in all , purchasing the movie was a waste of money . maybe the bolsheviks over at the university 's russian department will appreciate my donating it -- that way , others can get to see it without wasting their money
there is nothing in this dvd that was n't in the book . in fact , stan and john basically read the book to you as they show you the pictures from the book . i was hoping to actually see the artists do the drawings , but there is maybe 60 seconds total of footage of actual drawing . the rest of the video is just john buscema tracing over all the images that are already in the book . if you really want to learn to draw comics , this is n't for you . if you just want a basic overview of the process , this dvd might not be too disappointing . but if you already own the book , definitely do n't waste your money . it would be cheaper just to have your mom read the book to you
i am writing neither to critique the movie nor to eplore the quality of the video or audio . i would simply like to warn potential buyers of the manufacturer defects that i have enconter with two copies of this dvd . the first copy was scratched so severly it looked like a fat guy attempted to use it to ski down slopes of rough pavement . so amazon promptly shipped out another . the second copy did n't have a scratch but the movie hung up in the exact same place as the first . annoying ! i am currently waiting on another copy , but if it 's bad i 'm giving up . *important* consumers , take my review very seriously because i suspect these other reviewers have no experience with the dvd , they 're just fans of the film . and what an awesome film it is
this one was really boring . only buy this if you are trying to collect all the scooby dvds or if you have a very young child . very young children might find this mildly entertaining . this is not a movie for older kids/teenagers/adults who are fans of scooby doo . i loved scooby doo : zombie island , witch 's ghost , alien invaders , cyberchase , and legend of the vampire . if you want to get a good scooby doo dvd get those instead . scooby doo and the monster of mexico was a huge disappointment too , but this was actually even worse .
cool band . worst videos ever . ever . makes me like them less . fearless freaks is good . this is garbage ...
i used to have respect for bill maher . he used to actually inspire me when it came to being brave enough to argue my own opinions without making apologies ; but not anymore . my respect dissipated as his fairness was replaced by blinding hatred for gwb and religion . i watched `` i 'm swiss '' once and almost could n't refrain from vomiting . he talks about the usual suspects : the president , religion , obesity , same-sex marriage , rap , and few other things that `` comedians '' are good at joking about and liberals are good at preaching about . i know , i know , he 's not a liberal , he 's a libertarian . well , i have watched and listened to bill maher and i know which side he 's on most of the time , and it sure is n't on the right . he hates organized religion and traditional morality too much to be on the right much of the time . i do n't know why his panties are in such a bunch . being organized is better than being disorganized ( i can tell jokes too ) . i 'm not religious ; and i ca n't help but see much of it as hard to swallow , but i 'm not arrogant enough to call all of it just a bunch of fairytales created and believed by people with neurological disorders . i was n't there when the bible was written or when the events took place . i ca n't say it 's all fairtyales . i can only say some of it is n't logical . but , i respect religion and its purposes ; which is what separates me from him . he has no qualms about crushing the hope of people who believe in an afterlife or religion , which are both things that make life more bearable for them . the purpose of religion is to provide hope and solace and relief to people who are living in desperation . the same purpose of drugs i might add : something maher not only defends but abuses . why the double standard ? this is no longer the eleventh century where protestants are killing catholics . the only people k/illing in the name of religion are fanatical muslims , but most religious people are good , decent , nonviolent individuals . maher 's not an atheist , but he has recently expressed a `` could be , could be not '' attitude toward the existence of a g/od , which would make him agnostic . but one thing is for sure , atheism has more blood on its hands than religion does . two of our biggest mass murderers -- hitler and stalin -- were atheist . it 's a shame when non comedians are actually funnier than maher , who wears the comedian label but is too bitter to be a good one . most of the time , he can barely get the joke out without laughing at himself . i laughed twice during the entire show . no one has ever accused maher of being modest . he 's a smug , intellectual elitist . and those are his good qualities . `` i 'm swiss '' displays this all too clearly . in case you did n't know , `` i 'm swiss '' is a running joke of maher 's embarrassment of being an american . he 'd rather belong to a country where ethics are a substitution for , not an extension of , morality ; where any depraved activity that has no victim is not immoral at all ; where adultery is seen as cute , not sinful ; where there are no fat people ; where the only women who exist are the pretty ones he can sleep with or the ugly ones who agree with his opinions.thank god i live in america and not switzerland .
i love cinderella and try to see them live whenever they 're in town , but the sound on this dvd is just horrible . did n't anyone listen to it before releasing it ? the video quality is fair . they sure did n't spend a lot of money on production here . i was very disappointed and wish i could get my money back
this movie , while not a bomb or a turkey , has a couple of serious flaws . one is the casting . ted wass has lots of credits to his name , according to imdb , but what a wimpy , character-less , uninteresting washout he is ! was blake going for a harold lloyd lookalike ? he got one , but there 's nothing else to recommend him . he looks like a clark kent without the superman suit underneath.the other flaw is the length . even the opening credits ( using a defreiling/patie ripoff style ) go on forever . but the slapstick , which is masterful as always ( blake having been raised on or at least heavily influenced by silent comedies , especially those of laurel & hardy ) ... my god , does he stretch things out here ! the cameos are the saving grace , especially roger moore 's . his vocal impersonation of clousseau is perfect . why did n't he dub the voice for clousseau in the concurrently filmed trail of the pink panther ? whoever did that voiceover sounded like sellers on helium ! it 's sad to see our icons age , especially burt kwouk , who looks and sounds awfully tired . david niven looks as close to death as he actually was . rich little 's uncredited overdubbing was beautifully done : subtle and convincing.herbert lom 's dreyfuss got bigger and more ridiculous in each successive film . and harvey korman 's prof . balls is delightful . the entire scene in his shop is a stitch.no , there will never be another sellers ( and i have no intention of seeing the new film with steve martin ) . but blake could have done better with his stopgaps
batman begins is soooo much better than this or any other of the batman movies . nicholson sucked as the joker . joker is a comedian who had an accident trying to pull a robbery to help his pregnant wife . he is not a gangster or the one who killed batman 's parents ! ! ! ! he is a psycho and batman 's nemesis ! ! ! you ca n't kill him off ! ! ! how stupid is that ? ! ! ! who came up with that one . keaton is a sissy , christian bale could beat him down ! ! ! keaton did not have the physical prescence to play batman . all in all , a joke of a comic movie..but it is better than daredevil ! ! ! ! : -
take some talented actors and put them in an age old story of smart kids versus dumb adults and you get more of the same . really , is this the type of movie we want to pawn off on our kids ? they deserve better.the key point of this movie is that lying is bad . good point . a device used to bring out the truth is creative pranks . also good . unfortunately , the pranks fall flat as they are totally implausible ( even kids will have a hard time believing a man ca n't tell he 's been dyed blue until he looks in the mirror ) , and since they are the device used to bring the movie to its conclusion , the entire thing falls flat.making films for children is a fine thing . they should n't be dumbed down or even given an uncritical eye just because they are for children , however . quite honestly , i 'd rather have a kid watch something like `` good will hunting '' before this.do n't waste your children 's time with this film . read them a book ... a good book ... instead
for better or worse , after the relative box-office slump of on her majesty 's secret service , producers brocolli and saltzman decided to woo sean connery back to do one more film for an amazing sum . connery , who had said he would never do another bond film , donated all of his money to his own foundation . while his performance is competent and smooth as ever , he seems all business . no longer in love with the character and having realized long before that the character was stagnant , connery mechanically works his way through diamonds are forever , an outright bore of the bond series and , in my opinion , one of the worst ( certainly connery 's worst ) . while some have tried to save the film by arguing that it is a parody of the bond genre , it plainly is n't . it was an attempt to return bond to his former glory days and generate profit for the producers . far from trying to lampoon the bond formula , the producers were trying to resuscitate it . and they failed . after the opening `` gun barrel '' sequence , we quickly find bond on a personal mission to kill blofeld once and for all after the death of bond 's only true wife ( discounting the false marriage in you only live twice ) in on her majesty 's secret service . ( at least , this is what we must assume , since no mention of the marriage is made in diamonds are forever ) . bond catches blofeld in the process of producing clones for himself in an underground laboratory and , after a couple of struggles with both blofeld and a duplicate , bond drowns blofeld in a vat of mud . it is a very short and quick opening teaser and immediately runs into the titles sequence . the titles involves various diamonds , slowly revealed to be various pieces jewelry worn by beautiful women , all set to the title song sung by shirley bassey ( who also sang the goldfinger title ) . the plot of diamonds are forever is quite strange . in an opening similar to goldfinger , we learn that large quantities of south african diamonds have been smuggled recently and yet , surprisingly , have not made their way to the market . worried that the diamonds will be released in order to inflate the diamond market , bond is sent in to infiltrate the smuggling operation , disguised as peter franks . bond quickly succeeds , meeting up with tiffany case ( jill st. john ) , an attractive diamond smuggler who is suspicious of bond 's identity . bond 's mission is almost compromised from the start when the real peter franks makes an entrance , forcing bond to fight him in a terrific elevator sequence that is reminiscent of the train fight in from russia with love . after a smuggling attempt goes awry ( thanks to bond ) , bond is discovered and learns of the real purpose of the operation he is infiltrating . it turns out that blofeld is behind it all ( bond killed only two duplicates in the opening teaser ) ! blofeld has been smuggling diamonds to create a laser satellite that is capable of destroying anything on earth . blofeld has been hiding his operation by posing as recluse willard whyte ( jimmy dean ) , whom he has secretly kidnapped unbeknownst to the world , and using whyte 's resources and industrial facilities to manufacture his powerful laser . blofeld plans to destroy various nuclear installations in america , russia , and china . the purpose ? blofeld is organizing an international auction , offering nuclear supremacy to the highest bidder ! will bond be able to stop him in time ? diamonds are forever feels like a film that was stitched together , rather poorly , from a myriad of interesting elements . one feels that the producers had a bunch of ideas on the cutting floor and attempted to piece them together into a logical story order . the infiltration of a smuggling ring , the wonderful fight sequence in the elevator , the quirky and gay hitmen mr. wint ( bruce glover ) and mr. kidd ( putter smith ) , a not-so-subtle rendition of the famous las vegas recluse howard hughes , a fight on an oil rig , et cetera . all of these elements are fairly interesting in their own right , but the combination does n't yield what the producers were hoping for . what is it about this film that feels so ridiculous ? one of the major problems , in my opinion , is situating bond in las vegas . bond in america is dull . his class , wit , and sophistication are only cheapened when placed in the cheesy context of las vegas in the 1970s . bond is supposed to take us to exotic locations -- not to a strip club . furthermore , the action is not quite on par with the rest of the series . i think everyone will agree that the chase scene in which bond escapes through the desert on a moon buggy is absurd . the chase is boring , the buggy looks ridiculous and prop-esque , and there is no suspense . the climactic fight on the oil rig is equally boring . sure , we have a big set and big explosions . but there is no cutting edge stuff here . connery , as mentioned , looks very tired here . tiffany case is a bit refreshing , but quickly becomes dim-witted and dull . and the bond girl with the clever name , plenty o'toole ( lana wood ) is only in the film for all of five minutes . blofeld is now played by charles gray , who first made his appearance as bond 's japan contact in you only live twice . gray 's performance takes blofeld back to the ridiculousness of you only live twice , even appearing in drag at one point . there is n't much more to say . the acting is dead in diamonds are forever . now , some have tried to defend diamonds are forever by claiming that the film is an outright attempt to make a parody of the bond genre . after producing six bond films , the producers were ready to lampoon their own creation and move bond into the roger moore pun-fest the series would eventually become . while this certainly seems to create an outlet for the film , it seems plainly false . if you watch the `` making of '' documentary on the ultimate edition , it is clear that everyone thought they were making a real bond flick and not a parody . the producers were trying to bring the series back to its former glory days and to produce big box-office success . they were not trying to create a subtle piece that exposed the hilarious features of the bond formula . anyone claiming otherwise is just engaging in wishful thinking and rationalization . this film stinks . let 's get over it . ultimately , i think you should skip diamonds are forever . the only reason to see it is if you are a completist about the series and desire to watch them in order . it is an awkward insert into the series during the transition between sean connery and roger moore . the ultimate edition does have crisp picture and sound . if you must struggle through the film , make sure to get this edition because it is at least watchable . but if you only desire to watch the better bond films , skip it . diamonds may be forever , but this film died a long time ago .
for those not aware , pumpkinhead 2 is ( supposedly ) the 1994 sequel to 1988 's timeless monster classic , pumpkinhead . the original was darkly creepy , superbly constructed in it 's story , and featured a wonderfully original costume for the creature . pumpkinhead 2 fails at being slightly horrorific , butchers the story , and basically uses the name and a simliar creature-suit to create an otherwise completely irrelevant `` sequel '' . it 's like a group of writers saw a picture of pumpkinhead on the internet , read his name ( and that 's all they read ) , and decided to make their own movie . as for the plot ( if anyone cares ) , a deformed boy dies and comes back as a monster to exact revenge on the people who hurt his feelings . i 'll admit , if they had altered the look of the creature a bit and had chosen a different name for the movie , this would 've been worth two or three stars as a `` so bad it 's good '' b flick . but the fact that they totally butchered the original by attempting to connect this garbage to it really kills it . if you have n't seen 1988 's pumpkinhead , rent it or buy it -- it 's a horror masterpiece ( especially compared to this ) with so much going for it . but avoid this sequel at all costs . i hate to put down any product , but i feel that this one deserves it
neither my husband or i could get into the movie . i dont think i would ever watch this film again . it was not what it was made out to be
the strange and baffling career of cuba gooding takes another dive in this attempt to mirror the success of denzel 's training day . unfortunately , cuba 's not denzel and this movie is way below the quality of day . filled with enough foul language to fill the pacific ocean , the movie attempts to be artsy but is merely another bad cop movie , filled with bad cops -- -where 's the good ones ? clifton collins jr. , so good in capote , is wasted in the role of the apparently honest partner of cuba who is going to testify in internal affairs regarding the killing of an innocent bystander during a drug bust . all though this cuba swaggers like a rap star and collins has to try and act tough with him . there 's an unusual twist in the end and a very long russian roulette sequence that do nothing to redeem this disappointing film
watched like reading a comic book . so many murders for so little money . corpses never turned stink in the thailand humid and hot temperature . lousy acting , directing and totally stupid screenplay with twisted to the limit ridiculousness and impossibility . a story so bad that turned into a disturbing watch . boasted with awards and high praises for the primitiveness or roughness of the poor plot and scenario ? give me a break
no no no ! ! ! dvd technology is for quality image and movie collectors . this time artisan did not pay respect . i think it 's the worst dvd in my collection . bad transfer , full frame and etc
... but the movie was just plain stupid . do n't waste your time
another tired story about the blackman as the horrible villian and the blackwoman as the innocent victim ... and we wonder why our community has so many problems..maybe it 's because of attitudes that are based on fantasy like this film and some other films ... '' color purple '' , `` for colored girls ... . '' etc . we need to stop the finger pointing a realize that liberation can only occur if we `` work together '' ... that means blackmen and blackwomen..
having just read the book ( most highly recommended ) i decided to treat myself to the movie . i could have cried . while i did not expect the movie to contain everything from the book , i was sadly dissapointed to see that it totally changed the plot around.in the book , the 5 men bonded together and were great men of character . in the movie , they got rid of one man , had the other eaten right off the bat , pencroft is shown to be a coward and greedy . in the book , nemo appears only in the last two or three chapters , and he does not have an elaborate home on the island.and what about those stupid giant animals ? i do n't recall reading about them . the fence around nemo 's home looks like it came right from jurassic park.the whole story was about 5 ( eventually 6 ) men who were stranded on an uncharted island and the wonderful adventures they had there . on another note , the graphics were pretty bad . the panning was very blurry and the picture was often grainy.as one reviewer well said , it is suitable for children who are easily pleased , but it is nothing like the book.perhaps this is why amazon sells it for only $ 6.99
this is a rather peculiar film for seagal , and the first thing that should be pointed out to any seagal fan contemplating whether or not to give this one a try is that this is really not an action film . seagal only has a couple fight scenes in the whole film and they are all extremely brief . in fact , they are extraordinarily brief , though thankfully free of wirefu . though out of reach is by no means a total failure ( it 's actually pretty entertaining , seagal as always is fun to watch , and some of the scenes are well done ) , the script nevertheless exhibits some problems and plot holes . this film is a drama about a nature nut ( seagal ) who roams the forest looking for injured animals . he has a pen pal in poland , a young girl , and when he hears that she will no longer be able to correspond with him he becomes so upset that he travels abroad to look for her , even though he really has no reason to suspect that anything is wrong with her . this brings up the main problem with this film , namely , a lot of it simply does n't make any sense . it turns out that the girl has been sold to a human trafficking ring , and seagal goes through the motions to save her.as per usual with seagal nowadays , he obviously refused to actually finish the production , and so we have the usual dubbing problem here . it is even more salient than usual in this picture , however , for here we have not one , but several different people dubbing seagal 's voice , none of whom even remotely sound a thing like him ! here the most frequently heard fill-in for seagal sounds like a knock-off benecio del toro with a much higher-pitched voice . as you can imagine , the effect is very humorous . as stated above , the main problem with this movie is that it simply does n't make sense , which was apparently realized by the director , as he has , in many scenes , the voice fill-in for seagal narrating an explanation of what the character is thinking ! how obnoxious ! seagal 's character likes to teach codes and ciphers to his pen pal , which she later uses to communicate with seagal . what makes no sense is that every time she leaves a message for seagal , the villian , ineptly played by matt schultz , sees the girl doing it and yet leaves the message for seagal to find ! in one ridiculous scene the girl arranges some caviar on crackers to make a code . ( apparently three crackers of one kind followed by three crackers of another kind followed by three crackers of another kind means `` this is a trap . '' ) the villain sees her doing this , and , instead of destroying the message ( which would make sense ) , later has it delivered to seagal ! huh ? in a scene when the girl leaves a message on a mirror telling seagal where she is , the villian sees her doing it , comments on how clever she is , but then leaves the message ! there are also quite of few mistakes in this film , several of which are laughably obvious . at the beginning and end of this film , for example , seagal has long hair which looks like frizzy , black cotton candy being pulled off the back of his head . during the rest of the film , however , he has short hair . at the end , after some bs macho dialogue about how seagal hates taking life but will enjoy killing schultz slowly , each character uncocks his pistol even though schultz 's pistol does not have an external hammer to uncock , and even though in the very next closeup seagal 's pistol is still cocked ! after a sword fight , which ends on a classic move from older chambara films , notice that there is clearly no blood on the floor , and that then , all-of-a-sudden , there is a huge trail of blood between the two characters . in the finale , the above-mentioned sword fight , the camera cuts between closeups of the two characters to faraway shots that are clearly of someone other than seagal . this brings up another frequent complaint of many seagal fans : his overuse of stunt doubles . it 's almost so bad now that one could say that he does n't even film his own fight scenes now . have you ever noticed that in lord steven 's early films , when there was a fight scene the camera would pull back and let you see his moves ? now what happens ? the camera gets as close as possible , shows some shots of his face grunting , shows some arms playing paddycake , then pulls back showing some fighting while never showing seagal 's face . ever wonder why ? it 's because , surprise , surprise , that 's not seagal doing the fighting . in the gun fight , which is actually a very decent action scene , watch seagal as he enters the room . his character enters the fight by doing a foward aikido roll , which is probably the simplest move in aikido , though it is obvious that it is not seagal doing the roll . what is even more irksome is that both at the beginning and the end of the film , which shows seagal 's character `` roaming the forest looking for injured animals , '' or whatever , it is clearly not seagal that we see walking through the forest . was he afraid that he 'd trip over a branch and injure himself ? was he afraid he 'd be attacked by an injured animal in the woods ? i do n't know . what is likely the case is that seagal again refused to finish the shoot and some scenes had to be constructed after-the-fact , using another actor , in order to make the film work . i 'm really not bashing seagal , i 'm merely complaining because these are persistent types of flaws in his recent films that could very easily be fixed . be on the lookout for the bizarre scene when seagal goes to the post office . the postal worker calls seagal `` mr. delacraw , '' or some such bizarre name , even though his character 's name is actually billy ray lancing . seagal then proceeds to mumble some french to the man , and then suddenly adopts a cajun accent . this scene is downright strange . what is also strange is how seagal is dressed in this scene -- like some kind of new orleans anne rice fan , vampire wannabe in a strange , black fur coat . i do n't know , at least it 's good for a laugh . if seagal continues in this manner he will quickly find himself unemployable . the only truly schocking thing is that this has n't happened yet . he shows up late to shoots , leaves early , refuses to finish productions , and yet people keep hiring the man . he repeatedy refuses to do the requisite work for a complete production . he needs to start finishing his films . in closing , out of reach only has two very brief fight scenes , but they are somewhat well done . seagal actually takes a few blows in the climatic fight , which is a very nice change and certainly makes his character seem more human .
it 's an understatement that many of us feel ripped off by wb 's attempt to unfairly empty our wallets . if we refuse to buy these horribly priced episode dvds and at the same time purchase the available full season box sets that are of value then we can make some headway . they are in the business of making $ $ $ . slowing their cash flow will force them to give us consumers ' products we demand or risk losing our disposable income . die-hard fans of this series and other series must convince every parent to withhold from purchasing these dvds until full seasons are made available . c'mon wb , we love these shows and will pay for them . we only ask that you do n't rape our wallets . give us the full season box sets much sooner
man , i hate this ! i can not take this any more . watch the original and that is it . the original needs no sequel at all . every sequel to the original sucks
what 's wrong with this show ? 1 . jim wears the same pants , coat , and shirt for almost every episode throughout the entire run of the series . 2 . a slow , sluggish middle-aged man is supposed to outdo younger hoodlums . 3 . wo n't that woman lawyer ever get a real boyfriend that will do right by her ? 4 . do you really believe that this middle-aged , heavy fellow would drive a firebird - a tight fitting car ? 5 . angel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
one of my guilty pleasures is to review science fiction movies over and over again ... maybe i 'm hoping the movie will get better with time . unfortunately `` judge dredd '' does not ! i 'm a science fiction fan that can be suckered by mediocre cgi , an action hero star , a comic relief , and a beautiful love interest but please do n't mess with the storyline . maybe thiis is the case for `` future shock '' and too much information was being given out but all in all science fiction deals with the person 's humanity and `` dredd '' forces it down our throats too fast and too sugary ... .in fact , i feel two stars is gviing this movie too much !
i do n't know what the last poster was thinking ... this dvd goes to the top of my worst quality list . i would n't complain as much but they are advertized as `` digitally remastered , '' which is obviously meaningless . `` long john silver '' is soft-focus , borderline blurry , throughout ; marred with constant flecks and blobs ; and has countless vertical scratches that score the full image . it 's like watching some old home movie you found in a trunk . have n't viewed `` captain kidd , '' but a cursory scan indicated it too is in poor condition . if that 's the best the films come , and there 's no money for clean-up , so be it . but get that misleading `` digitally remastered '' off the box . that 's a hoodwink if ever there was one
i have always had a morbid fascination with that segment of the population that believes that the bible is the only book one has to read , and that great literature consists entirely of the left behind series . i bought this movie to get a sense of this group.banal is the kindest word i can find for this tripe . third rate actors , low-rent science fiction backdrops , and completely out of touch with reality . the movie opens with the israeli agricultural `` miracle . '' what it does not tell the audience is that israel would be a dead state if it were not for the 20 % of the israeli government 's budget funded by us taxpayers through the us government 's very unwise investment in this apartheid regime ( see jimmy carter 's new book ) and if it were not for the blatant israeli underground pipes that are literally looting the arab aquifers at long range and from way beneath the earth . israeli agriculture is not a miracle , it is a travesty -- it consumes 50 % of all the water used in israel , and produces less than 5 % of the gross domestic product.the movie goes downhill from there . just to place it in a proper religous movie context , if the `` ten commandments '' was a perfect 10 , this movie is no more than a 1 and certainly not even close to a 2
anything having to do with paris hilton is doomed to be garbage . the premise of the story is trite and in the end leaves the audience wondering `` whaaaaa '' . the only person not to die is scottish and that 's the only reason why he didnt ; because he 's scottish . what ? ? ? ? ? sick plot , dumb characters overall dulllll . how many movies will they make with `` a group of friends in a secluded castle '' yes i borrowed the movie which is great compared to paying $ 20.00 for the dvd and wasting my money and time watching it . yawwwwwwwwwwn ! !
paycheck is a disappointing and sometimes frustrating film because it clumsily toys with a number of potentially brilliant ideas without really knowing what to do with them . these key concepts come courtesy of philip k. dick , via his original short story , though the film poorly represents the themes and conceits that have made his stories into unforgettable classics . as a thriller , paycheck depends upon our identification with its imperiled hero , but the movie is never able to make us truly care about ben affleck 's michael jennings or his fragile state of mind , and that 's something dick would have found unforgivable . only uma thurman really earns her paycheck here . the premise is high concept , and the prophetic threat is revealed to be of apocalyptic proportion , but paycheck is never more than a pedestrian action film spun from chains of meaningless chase sequences and flat fight scenes . the future world created by john woo is n't nearly as engaging or convincing as , say , the captivating science fiction setting crafted by stephen spielberg for another high-profile dick adaptation , minority report . for paycheck , the comparison is not flattering . sadly , woo ca n't even keep himself from forcing his own creative preoccupations into the film , and a resulting motorcycle chase sequence is outright uninspired and may represent the film 's low . some scenes are enjoyable , and there are fleeting flashes of wit and excitement , but much of what unfolds seems inappropriately conceived or placed . paycheck is n't a smart film and , what 's more , it sometimes assumes that its audience is n't even paying attention . as a result , the film never comes close to living up to its potential . the material and the audience deserve better . unfortunately , paycheck is forgettable fare and , truly , it is without any real payoff. -- brian a. dixonrevelation magazin
if you are looking for something shocking , do n't bother with this movie . rape scene : why does n't she run ? ? ? ? why does n't she fight ? ? ? how come there 's all this blood on her all of a sudden ? ? ? where did that come from ? ? ? ? stupid . revenge scenes : first of all , i was n't upset enough to thirst for revenge . second of all , the murder scenes were even weaker than the rape scene . what you 've basically got here is a movie hollywood could remake , scene for scene , including every gratuitous moment . and it would get made . it would show in theaters . and lots of annoying people would think it was horrifying . go rent `` irreversible '' it 's much better at this sort of thing .
the quiet earth is overrated for a variety of reasons that will be discussed below . this movie is not the epic , thought-provoking , intelligent sci fi i was led to believe it was . it 's actually very overrated , and fans of intelligent sci fi such as 2001 or primer will likely be very disappointed . the first 30 minutes or so are jaw-dropping . i was really getting geared up for what i was sure was going to become one of my all-time favorites . the scenes of bruno standing above the wrecked passenger jet , driving around a mall , the sun rising to the haunting score -- all unforgettable . the scenes where bruno starts to lose it , running around in a slip brandishing a shotgun , setting up cardboard figures of celebrities and pretending he 's their ruler , giving them speeches ( that 's why i deserve to be president ... of the quiet earth ... i 've been condemned to live ) are all great . after this point the movie starts to disintegrate , and quickly . the female character is highly irritating , so much so that i think i would have ditched her and looked for other survivors . api is also highly irritating , and when the film veers away from its central mystery and starts devolving into yet another film about a petty love triangle -- my thumbs were pointing down , way down . something needs to be said about the ending of this film . so many people have said that it 's `` deep . '' how is it `` deep ? '' how is it deep when it 's just a gimmicky way to quickly wrap a rather dodgy film that really does n't have anything to say ? let 's examine this . many people argue the following ( and if they were correct the film would 've been much better than it was ) : the main character is a scientist who convinces himself that project flashlight resulted in `` the effect '' ( even though others here insist on calling it `` the event '' ) which made everyone else disappear . the main characters come to believe that `` the effect '' did n't snatch them up too because they were died right when it happened . but what if there is n't any `` effect '' at all ? what if these are just three people who died and then went to another earth where there are n't any people ? the scientist then convinces himself that `` the effect '' is going to happen again , and , understandably fed up with the fact that the only other two people on earth are a bonkers , daffy , annoying woman and a nutty , homicidal maniac , decides to basically kill himself while blowing up the satellite for project flashlight . he dies again and ends up on another world , one which this time does n't even resemble earth . the end . it would have been very clever if this was what was going on , if there really was n't an `` effect '' at all and if the three protagonists had just happened to go to the same place when they died . unfortunately , all the critics saying `` they went to another earth where everyone else was gone '' are forgetting something : the dead bodies ! i know there are n't a lot , but remember , there 's the radiation burn guy in the science station , and there 's the dead guy on the hood of his car , and the dead woman holding a cb radio , etc . if they went to another earth where life was absent , why are there dead people ? the real answer is that this movie was not very well thought out , that it does n't make sense , and that the ending is just a cheap and easy way to try and appear impressive . according to the people who worked on the film , `` the effect '' obviously did occur , and what happens at the end is that when the scientist tries to kill himself a second time he dies , again , at the exact moment that `` the effect '' occurs a second time . so at the end , `` the effect '' does occur a second time , which means the girl and api are history , and the scientist , as he again dies when `` the effect '' occurs , moves on one more time . another point that is made in the dvd commentary is that the film was made by a catholic , so the obvious purgatory then heaven tripe comes to mind . also highly irritating is that for a scientist , the main character is not very smart . he laments that he 's the last person on earth and then he runs into a nutty woman . they find a nutty guy named api and then the three of them conclude they 're the last three people on earth ! what ? ! are they totally daft ? a scientist would quickly reason that if there were three people within such a small region of the same city then there are probably other people in the city , more people than that throughout the rest of new zealand , and even more people in bigger places such as america , europe , and asia . that his first conclusion is always that `` they 're the only ones '' only demonstrates his stupidity . they come to believe that they all died at the same time , right when `` the effect '' occurred , and that that 's why they remained on earth . well , if three people died at the exact same time in the same city in tiny new zealand , then many , many other people must 've died at that time throughout the rest of the massive world .
this went up from one * in tribute to the neat hammy acting job from alec guiness as charles ii , but otherwise its just a mess . the film called out for a screenplay by a robert bolt or a john prebble , but instead it was penned by its director kenneth hughes , who also gave us such film masterpieces as `` casino royale '' and `` chitty chitty bang bang '' . richard harris is his usually unrestrained self , and thats not a compliment . now , i wont even go into the politics , which attempt to portray oliver cromwell as some sort of liberating hero : as ridiculous a take on the english civil wars as alexandre dumas 's paean to charles ii in `` twenty years after '' , but nowhere near as entertaining .
this dvd was a waste of money and a waste of time . it 's `` unauthorized '' by muse , so therefore there were no interviews , no live footage , and none of their music was included . they interviewed people who had never even met the band . i learned nothing new from watching it . do n't waste your money
i 'll give the leads the benefit of the doubt that they 're actually a lot better than this lame-o-flick deserves . kutcher and murphy are tom and sara , the mismatched couple that loves itself to pieces in this story which strains for laughs . after a whirlwind romance , sara introduces tom to her tony beverly hills family . they marry and the rest ( much like their marriage ) is quickly history . things go bad from the wedding night ( bloody noses , no sex ) and only get worse . after tom nearly burns down the french chalet that sara booked them into ( after a fatal misunderstanding involving voltage differences in europe and an electric sex-toy ) , and compounds problems by taking them to the worst hotel in venice ( cockroaches , dust and no sex ) , our heroes quickly realize that they are on the honeymoon-from-hell . at first they gamely make a go of it , not realizing that they 're only saving their tension for the perfect moment . `` just married '' was a simple idea for a flick . people have been laughing at marriage for years . maybe that 's why the jokes seem forced - the sex-toy fiasco painfully illustrates how far the script will go to get a laugh , and we get that one early on . every joke is actually half of a joke about sara and tom ca n't have sex , climaxing ( really , no pun intended - i mean it ! ) when sara tricks custom 's inspectors into giving her hated hubby a full-rectal exam ( cut to the scene of tom walking bow-legged onto the plane ; obviously he 's the victim , but in the perverse logic of this unsexual non-comedy , you 've got to wonder whether tom is actually the victor - he at least got some . ) the script ca n't get past a monumental plot gap : tom and sara really do n't have anything in common - you 'd think they 'd have learnt and gotten past their foibles while they dated , but the story skips past much of that . tom 's the hero , but he 's an idiot - the script makes him out as the ugly american , an utterly dated cliche ( he 's surprised that nobody in europe watches american baseball ; he 's the kind of idiot who uses `` american '' instead of `` english '' when referring to language - as in `` why is n't there a sign in american warning against using us voltage sex-toys in france ? '' the laughs are far and few in between - the best ones involve cars ( both the ridiculous sub-compact they rent in france , and the dodge barracuda ( at least i think it 's a ` cuda ) that tom drives - a monster which was probably meant to remind us about `` that 70 's show '' but which looks like a prop from the `` phantasm '' movies . if ever there was a flick that needed help from `` the tall man '' , this is it
amazon should send all of these 25th anniversary dvd 's back to uni , the faulty product locks up after about 1 1/2 hours on both my panasonic and sony dvd decks ! i see this problem also exists in the wide screen version from the reviews of that product.simply put - do n't buy this lousy universal product ! ! !
i love speilberg films , i really do , but the fact that he is a good director is no excuse for this crap . i just do not like it , its not my thing . i ca n't belive that richard dreyfuss turned down reprising his role in jaws 2 because he was filming this nonsense . if you want to watch it , then go ahead , we all have different tastes . however , if you want to see a real speilberg film , watch ones like duel , jaws , et , schindler 's list , jurassic park , the lost world : jurassic park , and the indiana jones trilogy
sorry , ca n't finish this garbage movie . is this girl retarded or what ? watching her father been killed in cold blood and got no feeling or emotion at all . how and why the garbage collecting , turned cow feeder young guy , would then have turned into a cold blood stone cold killer ? there 's no enough logic and explanation why he would have turned into a psychopath . the girl did n't look a bit retarded but acted and behaved like one is also a not quite well developed character . the whole movie just looked too deadbeat and senseless . what ? life was too boring then what ? started becoming natural born killer ? give me a break . bone chilling ? you can always say that again , but wo n't make me care a bit more .
well , at least the movie is faithful to its source in its spirit . based on a book written on 1902 , it 's nostalgia of the british empire belongs to that era . the plot deals with a soldier who is expelled from his regiment for refusing to go to fight a colonial war in sudan because of his impending marriage . not only his colleagues regard him now as a coward , but also his future wife . he had no choice then but to go to war to prove he is a real man and not a coward . the filmmakers try nothing in terms to bring the material up to date , to our more contemporary ( and one hopes , more enlightened ) attitudes . there 's no post colonial guilt here whatsoever . in some ways , this speaks well of the filmmakers in terms of not trying to tamper with the original material ; in another way , it is a bit shocking seeing such jingoism in a contemporary movie . all of this would n't matter much if the movie was entertaining ; unfortunately , it is only intermittently so
first , let me say , i love koyaanisqatsi , the original film in this trilogy . koyaanisqatsi is a true visual poem that tells a straight forward story about what we humans are doing to the earth.the second film in the trilogy , powaqqatsi , was n't as good as the first but it was still fairly understandable as a critique of how humans exploit one another.naqoyqatsi could have been the best in the series since it had ample opportunity to show us the horrors of war . instead , it comes off as a sophomoric exercise in video experimentation , nothing more . if not for philip glass ' music , i would not have given this film any rating at all.i write this criticism in hopes that godfrey reggio sees it . he should pull this travesty off the market and reshoot the entire film with stronger footage showing us , as clearly as he did with `` koy '' , why war ( the topic of `` naq '' ) is so horrific . if you want an effective critique of violence , try `` clockwork orange '' . naqoyqatsi is simply a mess
i 've owned this workout for about three years . i do it on occasion if i feel like i need to slap my legs in to shape . it does a great job of increasing muscle stamina in the lower body . however , i have to force myself to do this video . the 35 minute warm-up is mundane and uninspired . by the time i finish doing the same repetitions on the same leg for 15 minutes i hardly feel like doing the whole process again for the other leg . i also find the way the instructions are given and the background music to be extremely irritating . in order for me to get through the video i have to put on some different music and turn the tv down until i can just barely hear the instructor 's voice to know i 'm keeping up with the video . in my opinion this video is more of a test of patience than a real yoga workout experience .
ehhhhh . what is this ? this is one very stupid movie . how do i get a refund
this out of all the many versions of jane eyre has to be my least favorite ... granted samantha morton has a very adorable fairy/ elfin like face like mr rochesters description of her , but her acting has no highs and lows . she stands up to mr edwards a little too much giving really snappy answers , seemingly no respect to her employer , which is not fault of hers , the writing of the script is bad ... . and so the direction . ciaran hinds is totally over the top . he is so angry with no understanding , his eyes are very lustful and at times crazed . he is not at all like the character described in brontes epic book of a very sad and tortured man who falls hopelessly in love with the innocence and singular personality of earnest , honest and yet strong sweet jane eyre that charlotte bronte brought so vividly to life with her classic words . the over acting of both during the proposal scene is almost comical.to me there is no love , feeling or chemistry here between the two actors just lust ... . he seems to be going through a middle age crises just eyeing up this young girl , and she though supposedy a virgin ... she dos n't act like one . plus this movie seems very rushed you can never get a good foot hold of the story especially during janes childhood . i do also miss the gypsy scene that is omitted in many of these movies and was expertly done in the dalton /clarke mini series , which brought some brief light heartednes to an otherwise very dark story . if you want to see great versions . i highly rate the 1944 movie with orson wells though it is another abreviatd version , that movie truly captured the spirit and feel . it is moody dark and mysterious . another is the fantastic timothy dalton version which is most accurate to the book of all the movies taking actual lines right from the brontes story . dalton 's and clarkes acting is simply superbly sublime ! however if you are like me , see them all and make your own decision . they all have something to offer and most are entertaining ...
i actually saw this movie when it first came out , and was so blown away by robert downey jr 's performance ( he was just starting out on his illustrious , if self-destructive career ) that i did n't notice much else about the movie , certainly not jami gertz or andrew mccarthy who are as close to being ciphers as it 's possible to have on the big screen . ( the adults in the film are as cipheresque as the kids , so there is no real dramatic interest there -- we have only the kids , and their interactions with drugs , the party scene , and each other . ) seeing it again 25 years later , well ... downey 's performance still holds up , but the rest of the movie is less than zero ( sorry ) . the director is so absorbed with staging endless party scenes ( unintentionally hilarious in their excesses ) that he forgets to give the main characters anything interesting to do , and they never develop into anyone we care about . the final scene , with mccarthy and gertz sitting forlornly in a cemetery , has no emotional payoff whatever -- mccarthy says come with me to the east coast , gertz responds yes , i 'll go with you , and the viewer says , `` thank god , that means the movie 's over . '' finally , james spader does n't play a real character either , but as other reviewers have noted , he is interestingly slimy as the chief bad guy . glad to see he 's still getting work , in a fairly interesting role on `` boston legal '' .
racer takes on a rookie . wow . we 've never seen that before , have we ? the worst thing about this movie are the race scenes , many of which resemble a video game . i 'd rather watch abc sports ' `` to live and drive the indy 500 . '' that 's more realistic and much more fun
what an incredible waste of acting talent `` there was a crooked man '' turned out to be . director joseph mankiewicz celebrated for classics such as `` all about eve '' and `` the barefoot contessa '' should be embarrassed by this bomb.kirk douglas plays paris pittman jr. a charming , persuasive prisoner incarcerated in territorial prison for ten years for an armed robbery that netted him $ 500,000 . he hid the loot prior to his capture . it 's presence is common knowledge among the inmates giving him celebrity status . newly appointed warden woodrow lopeman played by henry fonda is trying to use douglas ' influence to coax the inmates help him initiate prison reform.under the guise of playing along with fonda , douglas secretly plots his escape to be reunited with his ill gotten cash.with an excellent cast including hume cronyn , burgess meredith and lee grant , i expected a whole lot more than this disappointing flick delivered
when i first got this disc the other day , it would not play at all . i installed the latest firmware update to my xbox360 hd drive , and it played . however , it does not play well at all . the video is constantly `` dragging '' or skipping . the audio is fine though . i ca n't really provide a review of the content since , so far , it is unwatchable.this is the only disc that has given me issues
hypocrisy alert ! hypocrisy alert ! i just wanted to get that out of the way right at the start . not more than twenty-four hours ago i wrote a review waxing philosophic on the state of the modern horror film . i argued that fans should n't viciously tear apart every movie they find objectionable because the current spate of horror films is better than no horror films at all . in other words , we should accept the bad with the good rather than stop renting and thus face a potential drought of horror movies . now that i have gotten that out of the way , i shall proceed to trash `` adam & evil . '' i did n't set out to heap scorn on this film when i popped it in the dvd player a few weeks ago , although a cursory glance at the cover art sent a chill of disappointment through my body and i felt my heart sinking . in fact , nothing screams `` straight to video '' more loudly than a film entitled `` adam & evil . '' well , perhaps something like `` adam & the bollweevil , '' or even `` adam & evil knievel '' might rank as likelier candidates , but you get the idea . `` adam & evil '' does not inspire confidence that i 'm about to watch a slasher film on par with carpenter 's `` halloween . `` right from the start of the film we learn the filmmakers have cast us into the ninth circle of clichéd slasher film hell . the movie introduces us to the typical bunch of young airheads getting ready to embark on a camping trip out in the sticks . there is seth ( kevin robson ) , the goofy virgin who tries too hard with the ladies but hopes that the trip will finally cure him of his unwanted condition . then there is the snotty and narcissistic brunette yvonne ( erica cerra ) . next up is a staple of every poorly made horror film , the ever important `` loud guy '' matt ( brody harms ) . along for the ride are evelyn ( barbara kottmeier ) , adam himself ( sean arnfinson ) , adam 's girlfriend yvette ( lynsey brothers ) , and a few other kids . i am willing to bet that as you look at this list you will notice the eve connotation in the three girls ' names , and that seth is also a name pulled straight out of the old testament . where matt comes in is a mystery unless we look to the new testament . something tells me the matthew responsible for the gospel did n't go around announcing to everyone who would listen that he wanted to be known as `` matt . '' call it a gut feeling.anyway , these dolts head out to the forest for a few fun filled days of gossip , drinking , and romping around in the water . sounds familiar , does n't it ? see those bright objects moving in your peripheral vision ? they 're called red flags . things get a little tense when they stop off at a local bar populated with the usual hollywood redneck stereotypes in order to ask some questions only to discover that the locals , with the exception of the busty wife of the local sheriff , are n't interested in helping out . too , a creepy park custodian stumbles into the campground and gives everyone a scare before scurrying back into the forest . if you think we 'll see him again before the credits roll , that 's one bet i wo n't take . i should also mention a couple of other potential stresses facing the group . adam and his friend matt did something quite idiotic a few years before -- namely setting a house ablaze with fireworks that claimed the lives of the family living there -- that continues to haunt them to this day . too , one of the gals worries about a stalker boyfriend she recently broke up with . both of these scenarios serve to provide us with potential red herrings in order to make the film more suspenseful . i laugh defiantly at such nonsense.i wo n't spoil the ending for you , but i will take a few seconds to describe the incredibly banal lead up to the `` twist '' ending . for a slasher film , `` adam & evil '' is downright puritanical with the red stuff . i felt like a bizarro clara peller hollering , `` where 's the gore ? '' every time a killing went down . seth , for example , perishes in his tent in a particularly bloodless , off camera fashion . a couple of the other kids meet their maker when they run into the killer while floating around on a raft in a pond , again a rather bloodless affair . the presence of a bow and arrows and a shed full of sharp instruments promised great things -- a promise unfulfilled , unfortunately . `` adam & evil '' is one of the tamest slashers i have ever seen . what did they do , turn the script over to the hayes commission before shooting scenes ? note to aspiring filmmakers : if you 're going to make a low budget slasher film that will never see a theatrical release , go over the top with the sauce . at least then you 've got a shot at making a cult classic . and another thing : make sure you pick people with a modicum of acting skills instead of the mannequins posing as living beings in this film . sure , you 'll have to shell out a few more bucks , but it 's worth it . remember , unless i 'm laughing so hard at the bad acting that the film achieves the coveted `` so bad it 's good '' label , ham handed performances can only hurt you . surprisingly , the dvd comes with a commentary track . not that you 'll want to listen to it , but there it is . we also get a few trailers for three other schlock films : `` contagion , '' `` hallow 's end , '' and `` asylum days . '' forget about picking up a copy of `` adam & evil . '' it 's not the sort of film a hardcore horror fan wants friends to see prominently displayed on the movie shelf . there are plenty of other worthier slashers out there that demand your attention .
its probably alright if you like stuff like this but i dont
a review by the students in ent 201 , insects on film ( clemson university , clemson , sc ) spring 2005when better to meet your new man than while saving the world from giant radioactive grasshoppers ! that 's what happened to audrey ames in beginning of the end . the black and white movie , produced in 1957 , takes place in a small illinois town called ludlow , near the big city of chicago . the main character , audrey , is a persistent reporter who discovers a new and interesting story on her way to write about a lackluster flying demonstration . on her way to the flying demo , she is stopped at a roadblock in the town of ludlow , illinois . it seems that the town has been mysteriously destroyed overnight ! following a lead , audrey goes to the u.s. department of agriculture and meets with the project director named dr. ed wainwright in order to find out more about what happened . dr. wainwright tells audrey about a wheat factory that was demolished in the same area before the destruction of ludlow . ed , audrey and ed 's co-worker , frank , go to investigate the abandoned grain bins . while they are there , a locust comes from the woods and eats ed 's co-worker . they finally realize what is destroying the towns and eating the people-although it 's a little too late for poor frank johnson.determined to resolve the problem , the military enlists the help of dr. wainwright , who tries to find a sound frequency that mimics the sound grasshoppers make before they attack . the viewer of this film will be held in utter suspense , until , at a climatic moment , dr. wainwright discovers the right frequency and saves the city of chicago from the military 's impending drop of an atom bomb . the sound is broadcast from a boat in a lake outside of chicago and the sound attracts the grasshoppers to the lake . as the grasshoppers follow the luring sound , they eventually end up in the lake where they meet a watery death . the city of chicago is safe and everyone lives happily ever after ( except , sadly , those who were eaten alive by the radioactive grasshoppers ) .while this movie has extremely entertaining moments , such as when the grasshoppers scale the skyscrapers of chicago looking for food-the movie , in general , is a b attempt at science fiction . also , the movie was produced during the 1950s , resulting in minimal attempts at realistic special effects . the special effects are entertaining at best and add humor more than substance to the movie . the viewer also might be left with several questions after watching this movie-like why ca n't the national guard protect the citizens from grasshoppers ? or , why is it more funny than tragic when dr. wainwright 's deaf/mute assistance gets eaten alive by a grasshopper ? on a scientific or scholarly level , the movie has several errors . the most important error , in the entomological sense , is the noise that the grasshoppers make throughout the movie . to make the noise that they did in the movie , they would need wings . in the movie though , the characters say that the grasshoppers could not fly because they did n't have wings . also , the scientist indicates that the giant vegetables were produced through radioactivity , which allows for photosynthesis to occur both day and night . for photosynthesis to occur , light must be present , thus raising the question of how the vegetables could continue to expand during the darkness of night . the inability of the grasshoppers to burn in the fires set by the military reflects an error as well . in reality , grasshoppers are highly flammable because of their wax-like coating . finally , the plot as a whole is completely unrealistic and so bizarre that the movie should be placed in the comedy ( opposed to science fiction ) genre . while clemson university research may have led to the evacuation of mole crickets from golf course greens , using technological concepts similar to those presented in the movie , the likelihood that radioactive grasshoppers would eat hundreds of people is improbable.beginning of the end is an amusing movie to watch ! the acting is traditional of the sci-fi movies of the era . the special effects are mediocre , but the humor , in retrospect , is delightful . if you are a fan of cheesy sci-fi suspense movies , give this flick a try ! you will not be disappointed . who knows-maybe you 'll learn something that could save the world the next time we are attacked by radioactive bugs
this movie has the feel of a late-night monster fest hosted by svengoolie or elvira . i had no idea what this was about when i started watching it , but by the end , i wished i would have skipped it entirely . the story starts off well , with murders happening in an old factory by some mysterious monster ( that you do n't see at first ) . from there it goes downhill , it felt like a low-rent 'pet sematary ' . i have never read the short story that this was based off of , but i 'm sure that king made his scarier than this movie could ever be . the best acting in the movie comes from brad dourif , best known for his performance as billy bibbit in 'one flew over the cuckoo 's nest ' and the voice of chucky the killer doll from 'child 's play ' , as an exterminator
clearly this movie was never intended as high art , or even a zombie gore fest , although hyped as such , so it ` s probably a bit unfair and easy to take shots at it , however i think it fails on it own terms . *** many spoilers to follow *** stop here if you plan to view the entire film . the premise : a group of stupid eco terrorists raid a research facility in london , even though warned by a researcher , release some highly agitated but otherwise normal looking chimps who then attack and infect them with a fast acting ( within seconds ) virus that transforms them into insane , red-eyed murderous really fast creatures who attack and infect other normal humans through bites and even scratches . one drop of their saliva or blood can infect you . the plague is let lose ... the hero : cut to a skinny kid of about 110 pounds with a dopey beard laying naked on a hospital bed , it ` s 28 days later and he wakes up , but no one 's there . he then wanders around an empty london , in hospital scrubs , looking confused , yelling `` hello ! ! `` , `` hello ! ! `` there are no bodies outside , and nothing that looks like the remains of one . there are almost 15 million people in metropolitan london . where did they go i asked myself ? the supporting cast : he then wanders into a church , and finds it full of what looks like sleeping people , he yells `` hello ! ! `` at which time some start screaming and rush at him , in the close-up it ` s clear they have turned and he slugs the creature-priest thing with his bag of coke cans . he gets out , more stuff happens , eventually he meets smart and tough selena ( naomie harris ) armed with a matchete and mark ( noah huntley ) , armed with a steel bar , who have avoided infection and explain the situation to the dim whitted hero , who turns out to be a bicycle messager boy who lives with mum and dad . seems the creatures come out mostly at night . mostly . hero insists on going home , mark & selena tag along . we find his very middle class mum & dad peacefully dead in bed from an overdose of booze and pills . guess they could not live in a world without telly ... more talk and moaning and tears from hero who very unwisely lights a candle at night which naturally draws an attack by some nasties , more fighting , bad guys are killed by selena and mark while hero cowers on floor . mark gets infected , denies it , but is chopped by selena who `` can see it in his eyes `` . damm girl ! if i ` m ever in a zombie movie i want you along ! day 2 comes , the pair then wander aimlessly though london chatting away about everything but how to deal with the threat and survival and at this point i start thinking ; wouldn ` t it be a good idea to get some guns ? preferably full auto , with a lot of ammo . i mean , although the creatures are fast , they are stupid , don ` t run in packs and make a lot of noise and can be killed and stay dead . police stations and military bases are all over london , probably deserted , and filled with guns ... .but this doesn ` t seem to occur to our wandering charactors who trust to a baseball bat & machette which you must get close to use ... .emmmm . i start squirming a bit in the seat , and for the first time look at my watch , but it ` s still kind of ok . so far , it ` s still a tight , well made interesting film , with the bloody action well filmed and important to the story line , and mostly believeable in it ` s own low buget post apocolypitcal setting with taut dialoge that holds my interest . maybe there a reason the hero is cast as stupid , or will he grow and learn through experience ? , maybe , but it better be soon because we are almost 30 minitues into the film , and it ` s getting real hard to identify with him . or care.the suporting cast 2 : night falls . our pair see flashing lights on the top of a high rise , much action ensues , they find more survivors , just a average working type dad taxi driver and his young daughter . more talk , seems they are out of water and there is a radio broadcast giving direction to go north where the army ( who usually have guns ) has set up a secure area . works for me.after some debate on whether it better to stay where they are , isolated , in fact trapped on top of a building , with no water or power or food or real weapons until overrun by zombies , or travel north to safety , in daylight and safety ( remember , the monsters don ` t operate in daylight ) this group of dopes reluctantaly decide to go north , in a taxi , with no guns.. ( remember rule # 3 of zombie films : gun are good ) ..and at this point in time this heretofore good film starts to move rapidly downhill in believablity.the journey of the dumb : piling into dad ` s hack , loaded with junk as if going on a brighton holiday , with all , even tough selena giggling and laughing , off they go . when faced with the choice of driving through a dark tunnel , where it is obvious that they could be trapped and killed , or another safer route , they naturally chose the tunnel . stuff happens.stopping to get gas , the hero wanders alone into a dark , confined space for no real reason , armed only with a baseball bat . more stuff happens.stopping for the night , they decide that a picturesque , open field with a few low stones is a great spot and preceed to ... ... you guessed it ! start a really big fire and go to sleep with no one on guard . i ` m not making this up folks.. ! ! nothing happens . however they do get to see a family of white and black horses running free , and it ` s clear that we are no longer watching a horror / action film , with some internal logic but a trite `` message film `` .they reach the army blockade , but no one is there , in spite of dead everywhere , they proceed to split up and wander around this perfect ambush site for a look see . more stuff happens.after this , the stupid illogical stuff comes fast so this is a good stopping point . at the end we learn from the crazy and sadistic army major ( aren ` t they all though ) that the goon ` s can ` t farm or feed and will likely starve because of it . think about that one . we also learn that the virus is contact borne , not airborne , think hard about that one dudes ! since it started in one local it ` s very unlikly to have spread thoughout england in 28 days ... .big plot holes , dumb ending , 110 pound stupid hero becomes arnold the terminator in 10 mintues . girls decide it ` s far better to die a gruesom death then put out and lose their honor to what looks like a bunch of boy scouts in cammos , who are their only protection ... really dumb stuff after an excellent start . sad ... .this was a really superior film for the first 20 mintues .
these are great films and the set is lovely . but boo to criterion anyhow for not sticking up for cassavetes scholar ray carney , whose name was removed from the set after months of work because of his feud with cassavetes ' widow gena rowlands . buy the dvd set , anyhow , you must , but go to the cassavetes pages , find carney 's links , and read his account of the troubles he 's had , trying to preserve and expose people to rare cuts of faces and shadows he himself tracked down ... sorry to take sides -- gena rowlands probably has her own justifications for feeling as she does -- but i greatly admire carney 's contributions to keeping cassavetes ' memory alive and exposing people to his films ; he put an amazing amount of work into cassavetes on cassavetes , too . it sucks that he kind of got stiffed here .
movie boring ... story drags ... barely any action ... if story drags should have atleast good story to keep interest but it had nothing ... booo
it is really just one poker player interviewing a bunch of other poker players - and it is not very well done . there are a couple of good tips , but nothing i have not read elsewhere . save your money . if you are a beginner , and want to learn how to play hold'em , check out howard lederer 's 'secrets of no limit hold'em ' ( dvd ) and phil hellmuth 's 'play poker like the pros ' ( book ) , more advanced players should check out david sklansky 's books
firstly i must say how much i dislike jennifer lopez so attempting to watch this movie has been a struggle since it was first released however i decided to brave it out for the sake of ralph fiennes . lopez plays a maid who falls for a guy who has loads of money ( fiennes , who is miscast , really ) he thinks she is a guest in the hotel , she plays along . so she lies about herself for the rest of the movie and when all is revealed , it comes to a ridiculous ending . there 's not much else to say to this cinderella movie , except maybe that it 's not funny . lopez is n't a great actress , she and fienness have about as much chemistry as a toothbrush in a toiletbowl
this is a perfect example of what bill hicks used to rant about . mediocre hacks live forever and pollute the earth with their existence while brilliant geniuses die way too early ... ..rip bill ! i 'm afraid you were right ... ... .you died at 33 and andrew is still here ! get me off this planet now
this is an excellent film , which unfortunately has not been given a decent treatment by the distributor . i was very disapointed in the quality of the release- the picture quality is poor , inter-titles appear to be missing , and the score which has been added is just a repetition of long synth chords that do n't match the action on-screen . it 's a shame , because a film like this one deserves much better
first off , let me say that i know next to nothing about art . i would like to cultivate an appreciation for great artwork , but it certainly does not come naturally - especially when it comes to modern art . dali , however , is a master i at least have some affinity with . who does n't know of the melting clocks ? i have also seen the dream sequence he created for hitchcock 's film spellbound in 1945 . plus , the guy was just plain weird , and that is something i know a little bit about myself.this artists of the 20th century dvd looks solely at dali 's artwork . all you see throughout the 50 minutes of video is one piece after another . there is no biographical look at the man , no mention of his contributions to the world beyond his paintings , and certainly no commentary on his eccentric personality ( or mustache ) . there is not even an adequate identification of gala , his inspiration and muse , despite numerous references to her in his paintings . thus , this dvd will not introduce you to dali the man or dali the artist - it only looks at selected pieces of the art work of the maestro.dali 's artwork is obviously impressive , and i was surprised by the variety of his work and styles . the narrator offers insight into some paintings - others , you just look and advance . i do n't understand a lot of dali 's work , nor can i see some of the things the narrator tells me are in his more abstract pieces . the melting clocks and other surrealist images appeal to me . dark works such as visage of war speak volumes to the human observer , and the disappearing bust of voltaire paintings are also striking . i was most impressed by the small sample of classical pieces dali painted , however - largely because i did not know he ever produced such works . my idea of a painting equates with something like design for the interior decoration of a stable-library , which is a strikingly beautiful work.is this dvd worth watching ? i will have to say no . if you 're a know-nothing novice like me , there is not enough basic information provided to really illuminate the artwork you will be shown . if you 're knowledgeable about dali , you 'll be disappointed by the limited nature of the production and by the exquisite dali works excluded from the show . after watching this , i decided to peruse some dali galleries online , and i must say that the internet makes this dvd of little value . not only are the analyses and critical comments you will find online far superior to the information provided in this video , the quality of the paintings themselves are far better online than they are on the dvd
this is the worst ripoff of a major literary work i have ever seen . it takes colossal gall ( to say nothing of immense bad taste ) to take the bare bones of a dostoevsky novella & tack on every possible bodice-ripper cliche in movies & then try to interweave dostoevsky 's own personal travails as narrative interstices . all done with no flair for nor flavor of the original . the acting is strictly mid-20th century nyah-ha-ha masterpiece theater while the casting is about as suitable as ray winstone in his infamous henry viii turn.i got this just to see the great luise rainer . now i will dispatch this disk to the dustbin where it will surely be outclassed
before i saw this movie i thought i would enjoy it . i enjoyed watching the miniseries when i was a kid . however , nothing could prepare me for what i was about to watch on screen . it was an absolute disaster of a film . i do enjoy superhero movies , some recent ones i like are the spiderman series and batman . but the hulk did not inspire me at all , it was like going to the dentist to get a tooth pulled . the character is a cartoon-like green figure , totally lacking in his emotional capacities , not even his rage convinced me , it looked like a video game more than a movie . this film had no serious plot worthy of mention . it was just plain painful to watch . if i could give it half a star i would !
i 'm not a big fan of bruce campell but i was appalled while viewing this film . i know it 's a b horror film but there was no orginality in this movie . i know it 's suppose to be funny but come on people , was it really ? the only part that was slightly funny was when campell 's wife was going after the gypsy for the first time.needless to say , i think it 's interesting that this movie was a book.going off subject , however , on a late night talk show bruce acknowledged that there was no such thing as a pg-13 horror film . i 'll conform with that .
i am an alice fan , so this is far far from my favorite . the first star i gave was simply because i love kate beckinsale and the movie is n't scary . the other is because it would be enchanting for a 3-4 year old or another youngster that does n't know anything about wonderland . my 9 year old even got bored with this . kate beackinsale plays the mother in the beginning , and in 1999 she was much too young to be and definitely looked so . she just did n't look well in this movie , and everything looked so cheap and fake . the story was changed in all the wrong places and too much was left out . i would not recommend this . i would recommend the 1999 american mini series of alice in wonderland , it is my absolute favorite ; with martin short as the mad hatter , and a long list of big names . that one is fun for all ages
is a bad sequel and have a poor quality of special effects
i also found this `` best of '' collection to fall very short of the `` best '' ! there are clearly many other episodes they could have , and should have used and included to make this truly a `` best of '' feature . the few cases they did showcase were by far not the scariest ! a definite disappointment , ... though still a fan ! !
this dvd is nothing more than a recycling of 3 previous episodes of the show . for a `` best of '' volume , i expected much shorter segments from many more episodes that actually did contain what the dvd case advertises , namely `` the best of '' and the `` scariest moments . '' in my opinion , this volume fails to deliver what it promises . i am definitely a fan of the series , and i know there are much better moments it has to offer . about the only thing you can really expect to enjoy on this dvd are some fairly decent examples of evp ( electronic voice phenomenon ) . even though the dvd is fairly inexpensive , i do n't think it 's worth the cost
how can you rate something that has n't been released ? especially since lionsgate ruined season 5 by releasing the shortened syndicated versions while still writing on the box `` the complete 5th season '' . debbie harry is credited on the box while her scene was omitted . this along with many others ... they completely ruined the boxed set by issuing shortened , crappy syndicated episodes . this is coming from a huge w & g fan , or should i say k & j fan
when i first purchased the low-budget movie named `` pranks '' , i did n't really know what to expect . after all , `` pranks '' is a slasher/horror movie from the 80s , a very fertile period for such movies and time period which quite honestly produced some pretty good slasher and horror movies in general ... unfortunately , after viewing `` pranks '' , i can honestly say that this is not one of them . `` pranks '' is about a group of college kids who are staying on campus over the holidays preparing a building which is going to be torn down i think ( herein lies another problem in that it is very difficult to understand what is going on in this movie because the acting is so poor ) . obviously , most kids have gone home for christmas and new year 's except for this group of kids and one `` weird '' kid who ostensibly becomes the lead suspect as gruesome murders begin to occur . the murders remain largely unbeknownst to the characters in the movie , so the director and screenplay writer wanted to give the audience information to which the main characters are not privileged . the plot is decent enough although the execution is formulaic/generic and lacks luster throughout the film . one of the reasons for this is the pathetic acting we see in this movie , which really overshadows any kind of merit this movie is able to produce as a horror movie . there is no question that `` pranks '' is a low budget production to begin with and along with that , there is going to be some subpar acting , but the acting in `` pranks '' is borderline-awful ! ! it is this acting and poor direction that really makes it difficult for the tasteful horror movie viewer to stay interested . in fact , the movie comes off very generic in style and substance , and rather predictable and boring . the only thing that is even remotely interesting are the kills which are n't too bad considering the era in which this movie came out from . the director does use some weak misdirection to attempt to keep the audience guessing as to who the killer is , but the savy horror movie audience can clearly identify the `` weird guy '' as a `` red herring '' as another reviewer put it . in summary , `` pranks '' is a poorly executed attempt at a horror movie which suffers from terrible acting , extremely poor production values and flawed direction . the result is a dull , boring and weak horror movie with a few decent kills ... certainly nothing to write home about . also , as a final note , the actor who plays the killer does a terrible job and comes off , in the end at least , like a total wuss
weird , whacked out interpretation of lewis carroll 's alice in wonderland that combines live-action with some stop-action animation to create a creeped out dreamscape . white rabbit is a sawdust-stuffed real rabbit that escaped from the taxidermy stand , caterpillar is an old stocking with dentures and glass eyes , mad hatter is a marionette and march hare is a wind-up stuffed toy rabbit with a loose button eye . devoted alice fans may have a different reaction , but i found jan svankmajer 's alice disturbing and , at times , tedious . everyday objects - the stuff in alice 's room - become the stuff of the dream . playing cards become red queen and entourage , the white rabbit has a nasty looking set of incisors and a distressing tendency to shed his sawdust guts , alice herself becomes her own blank-faced doll . there 's no law that says alice has to be bright and cuddly , but it sure helps . whether intentional or not , svankmajer 's alice is grim and nightmarish . svankmajer animates figures in motion- real figures , like dolls and stuffed and mounted rabbits and such - but he does n't animate facial expressions . combine that with the flat tone of voice by the film 's narrator - alice is narrated by the actress who plays alice , dubbed into english , or course - and the film has a flat , dead feeling . the film , oddly enough for an animated feature , is leadenly paced . some scenes seem to run on forever . the tea party with the mad hatter ( a marionette ) and the march hare ( a bedraggled plush toy bunny with an annoyingly ill-attached button eye ) runs on and on , the animation repeating itself way past our limit of patience . the mad hatter wants a new cup of tea ( ` change chairs ! ' ) , the march hare scoots around in a wheelchair . the new seats are taken , the tea is poured , the mad hatter wants a news cup of tea ( ` change chair ! ' ) and on , and on , and on . sheesh - thought that scene would never end . look - i 'm not that big a fan of carroll 's alice stories in the first place , but the movie adaptations of his stories - be they disney 's animated movie or the 1933 full-length feature with ned sparks as the catepillar and sterling holloway as the frog - all have had something going for them . comedy , for one thing . svankmajer 's inspiration is laudable , but his execution is often disappointing . his alice is dark , grim , humorless and not everyone 's cup of chai . it 's like listening to a quiet sonata played by an acid jazz band - it 's familiar enough , probably good enough for the converted , but hard for the uninitiated to embrace and unlikely to win any new fans .
the slick stylish spanish thriller `` nobody knows anybody '' is set in seville during holy week in the year 2000 . newspaper crossword puzzle developer and would-be writer simon cardenas ( eduardo noriega ) is struggling as usual with his novel when he receives a cryptic telephone message ordering him to use the word `` adversary '' as an answer to an upcoming crossword clue . since the message also contained threats , simon does what he 's told , and he soon finds himself embroiled in a nightmarish sequence of events . directed by mateo gil , `` nobody knows anything '' opens with a scene of a man stabbed to death with a crucifix through his heart , and this scene is one of the ideas that feeds the notion you are about to see some sort of horror film with religious overtones , but the plot moves away from the horror aspect into straight thriller territory . the film -- which owes much of its style to american thrillers -- is slickly produced , and the exotic settings of the sights and sounds of seville help , but the preposterous plot with its huge gaps in logic and implausibility ultimately left this viewer disappointed and feeling a bit cheated by the experience . i was intrigued at first by the film and drawn into the plot . however , once the plot and the mystery aspect became clear ( and i ca n't give away too much here ) , the film became silly and trite . there 's little character development -- our hero is a flat , dull passive character , and the film 's emphasis is on the thrill aspect . a slick product that is ultimately empty and really ridiculous , this film is in spanish with english subtitles -- displacedhuma
this was our first bob dvd and maybe i just chose wrong . my son waited for the theme song the whole time and it never played . maybe that is the norm ... this whole thing is kinda strange . my son likes it but does n't love it . i simply should have researched more
when i first put this dvd in i noticed that they cut away the opening , then the movie starts and i ca n't believe my eyes as the quality of the dvd is even lower than my vcd version , this is just frustrating to watch . the subtitle can not be change or removed since it is fixed onto the movie , the subtitle is in chinese and english use at the same time , the quality of the image is so below par that the subtitle at times ca n't even be read . another thing is the audio , you ca n't switch between cantonese and mandarin like on my vcd , yes this too was fixed to cantonese only . there is no extra features , you might as well buy a vhs tape , which would probably be an improvement on the picture quality . it does look like they tranfer this movie from an overused vhs tape with no other intention then to sell it to unsuspecting `` customers '' ( read victims )
i watched this film yesterday at a library , and found its lack of depth and analysis to be dumbfounding . during the first minute , they tell how the revolution began when high bread prices sparked a violent uprising . during the next 99 minutes they narrate the chronological events of increasing violence , using acted scenes , fake blood and sound bytes from `` scholars '' , to give a `` play-by-play '' summary of the carnage and beheadings , leading up to a mention of napoleon . during the last thirty seconds , they surprisingly conclude by saying that the french revolution was a very good thing , because it inspired china and vietnam and because louis was a tyrant . prior to this little or no mention had been made of louis ' tyranny , although the film had dwelt on his bedroom difficulties in some detail and also mentioned his weight problem a few times . after watching 90 minutes of bloody scenes , i found the films conclusion that the french revolution was a good thing to be an incomprehensible non sequitur . i would have liked to have seen some historical analysis to support this conclusion
again , another interesting pop-corn director that makes a couple of good low budget films and when hollywood gives to him a free hand ( or not so much ) things go wrong . is not funny , wilson and stiller are n't interesting enough and the 70 's is n't a good decade to crave for . with this kind of films , is useful to listen to american critics , they know more about their own culture than us
i was very disappointed with this second edition . my daughter and i loved the first action filled movie and had hoped this would be just as exciting . the movie dragged out for the first half , and just got worse during the second half . i continually kept looking at the clock , wondering when it would be over . we only watched it once , and it will go in the rummage sale later this year
i had read -- with delight -- the book called `` mrs. frisby and the rats of nimh '' to my grandsons , so i thought the movie would be a nice followup.wrong ! it barely resembles the book , and all the most important parts are glossed over or left out . it might be ok for a child who has n't read the book , but we were disappointed
i found this to be a absurd movie . it just has alot of things in it that are just too far-fetched , and the plot itself was n't a strong one at that . to me it just seemed that it was trying to be a slapstick pirate movie , and it just did n't work . it tried to be a movie that all the family could watch , and it did n't work . it tried to be a disaster movie , and it did n't work . it tried to be a drama , and again it did n't work . i got a few chuckles out of it , it held my interest for maybe the 45 minutes to an hour that i watched it , but it was just sloppy , and uneven , and the best thing was watching most of the pirates in drag at the beginning .
whether william golding deserved nobel prize or not is still a debatable point , but it is true that he wrote one marvelous book , and its name is ` lord of the flies . ' but let 's not talk about the differences between the book and the film for a while - because after all no one i am afraid can bring the multi-layered world of words onto the screen . even those who loved the 1963 version would admit that . you can interpret the meaning of ` lord of the flies ' but who can really visualize it , or the imaginary conversations of simon for that matter ? the biggest problem of harry hook 's new version is not the changes done to the film . the boys are american military school cadets , using dirty words frequently , but those parts did n't annoy me much . real problem is something more essential to the film , which is storytelling . in short the 1990 film does n't know what it wants to be . on the film 's video cover you can read ( and i quote ) ` this stunning adventure explores the deep dark corner of the human soul . '' well , not exactly.for as adventure story it lacks pace ; the film always feels rushed and often needs better editing . as allegory it needs more distinctive personalities for each character . the conflict between ralph and jack should be clearer , and piggy 's role should be more than that of a whining fat boy . and do n't forget simon , who sees things , it is true , but definitely not those things that the film actually shows us.it is a pity that the cinematography is so beautiful . it could have been a perfect backdrop against which dark allegorical survival story would develop , opposite of optimistic tales of jules verne 's adventure stories . by watching this film you can follow the story of the book , but find no tension or thought-provoking words in it.balthazar getty 's feature film debut . and lewis m. allen , one of the producers of the film , had also produced peter brook version in 1963
it is not good as a mainstream movie , it does not have a good plot , some scenes are not relevant .even as a soft-porn movie , it does not do a good job . try watching `` i like to play games '' , its a much better soft-porn movie .
one of the most boring ... .dull ... .stupid peter sellers comedies . if you can find more then 2 or 3 laughs good luck . i love peter sellers in the pink panther movies and he was brilliant in a great number of films ... ..but he falls far short in this one and goldie hawn is wasted totally
my daughter was shown this movie in her public school classroom several times while she was in grade school . it was n't until years later that i saw it , and i was horrified ! ! ! this was a movie aimed at children ? ? ? what does a children 's movie need a sexy bunny for ? the lead female character was a very sexy bunny wearing skimpy clothing and `` strutting her stuff '' on the basketball court in a very provocative manner , until the male characters were panting , drooling , and clawing their way after her like a bunch of sick , depraved perverts . this scene was highly innapropriate for children , and is not the idea of womanhood that should be shown to boys or girls . not only that , the idea was put forward that only a fortune teller with a crystal ball was able to discern the truth about what happened to the players abilities . this movie should be kept far , far away from children , and was truly deserving of zero stars
this has got to be the absolutely the sickest bottom of the heap horror movie ever made . you have been warned
this movie has been done over and over again , with different actors and by different directors , but the plot is stale and has gotten extremely boring . do n't bother with another cookie cutter movie of this kind ... . buy something original or save your money
i 'd hoped to show this video in the classroom to my high school students but the sexual references are way too graphic . bummer
dont take me wrong i do love mariah but this movie is not making any sense to me i mean mariah doesnt seem very interest to `` play '' in this movie ! ! ! this movie is all about music music music music music repeating over and over again nothing new nothing has been changed ... come on ! ! ! but then mariah seem to be better in another movie called wisegirls but again i honestly dont think that mariah should be an actress herself i mean i think she is better off to be a singer instead of playing movies . wisegirls she seem like she wanted to have the `` attention '' and `` show-off '' like saying in her mind : `` look at me i am in the movie ! '' i honestly deep in my heart she dont need to be playing in any movies unless she stands up and do her `` work '' with her actions in the movies not like this and wisegirls movies . i feel bad for giving this movie a 1 star but i had to say what 's my opinion about this movie anyways . wisegirls was alittle better than this one !
dare i need tell you how greatly this softcore , action thriller sucks ? ok. you might think there are two reasons ( besides those two ) to rent this : nudity and hilariously bad acting . well , there is nudity , but not as much as you think . if you 're getting it for anna 's naked flesh , be prepared to be more acquainted with your fast forward button . she 's nude , do n't get me wrong , in the shower , in the bed , etc. , but after that first scene , she is clothed and trying to act for a loooong time before the next scene . her `` acting '' is probably good if you compare to how she acts on her tv show . she at least does n't seem stoned . there is a plot that involves ... just kidding , i have no idea ! there are some actual actors and a travolta sibling playing your typical mobsters found in these movies . the movie only still exists because of anna being naked in it and there is nowhere near enough of it to make `` to the limit '' more than a free rental , if that . i should mention that this is a review for the r rated version . i do n't know if there is an unrated version , but it would have to be better than this . for more nudity , bad acting , and a less coherent anna , go rent `` skyscraper ''
i thought i was getting a look into jay-z 's and roc-a-fellas world . maybe a documentary i thought ? maybe a movie i thought ? instead this was the worst attempt at a movie , video whatever they called it ever . this thing is horrible . the only good part is jay z rapping the scenarios he is in . thats cool for like 2 mins . at times its like a porn video . i wanted to get into jiggas world but all this dvd did was make the world a worse place to live in because of how horrible it is . the crap sets in again over and over all across the plate . even the biggest hova fans should stay away . dont buy this
i bought this because raquel welch was in it . she did a good job but it 's not worth it . i loss interest as sonn as i heard the guy talking about the people in the movie . this dvd was dated back to the 1920s and how a movie star struggles to get his life back
this has already been expressed here in the reviews , but just as a reminder one more time ... .. this dvd is not the original version . the original version has more material and is much better . hopefully someday they 'll release an unrated version the way it was on vhs at one time .
wow , this was awful ! the best thing about this dvd is that it does n't last long . my boyfriend and i sat down to watch this together ( in the mood to begin with ) and both of us were completely turned off by it . the woman is not even naked , and wears a nightie throughout the dvd . she also is extremely hairy ( a matter of personal taste i know , but this was very extreme ) . the tone of it was decidedly unsexy , more of a strictly how-to than a way to excite the watcher ( s ) . it seemed to me to be very low-budget and unimaginative . spend your money on something else if you 're looking for sexual excitement..
what a horrific movie to gear towards children . it is extremely violent and just plain creepy ! the scene where the dog is hanging from a chain and drowning in water was so wrong . i wish i could put 0 stars for this one . do not waste your money on this one
the main character came across as gay to me too . this movie is in no way realistic . the other reviewer is right about everything . it 's a really cheap movie made by amateurs using plastic toy guns , the actors jerk the guns to make them look like they have a kick . the `` martial arts '' in the movie are weak and sloppy , there 's no way that crap would actually work in real life . i do n't even know why i bothered to watch the whole thing , i guess i just found the stupidity amusing . the cover makes it look like it would be a cool movie , unfortunately that 's the only thing they put much effort into . i rented it from block buster too , they need to burn it . this movie looks like some kind of a high school project or something , like they had to make a movie to pass drama class
the alpha version of postal inspector is of very poor video quality . otherwise , it may have been an interesting mishmash in what was bela 's last film under his original universal contract . the stock footage of the flood is spectacular
why the production team of this movie did n't film in new orleans is beyond my comprehension . when i first saw this movie , i could see based on the footage that it was filmed in canada . the terrain is totally different from south louisiana . it looked like a movie set . i guess the set designers thought they could put a few stands of fake spanish moss on the trees and a hunk of it in the fountains and a banana tree in that corner and a palm in the other . it looked like a theme park ! the streets looked too clean . for some reason they could not depict the elegance of decay of old new orleans which to me is paramount in the telling of these people 's lives but maybe i am being too technical . all the principle characters all had straight teeth and clear skin . back in the 1840 's just about everybody had some sort of illness then and they looked it . the actor who played marcel could not act . the actor who played his white father did not age at all for 18 years . still looked the same , yet he had very young children by his white wife who he married 18 years before . the architecture of the plantation house was also wrong . it was'nt even frenchno live oaks anywhere which are major icons in southern louisiana.the supporting actors and actresses were quite good.let me just say this , white men maintaining women of color was not only prevelent in new orleans but also other states in the south , the difference is is that in new orleans , the white master would leave them property and money . not so in other southern states.the more beautiful the woman , the more she would receive from the white man.the placage system in new orleans was a business arrangement and it worked for both parties .
this thing came off as 10 episodes of a weekly night time soap that was squished down into 3 hours . characters were n't given clear introductions or motivations , they react in ways that do n't make much sense and the accents come , go , and change into new accents altogether . while the format reminds me of a primetime soap , the acting unfortunately smacks of daytime : which is odd considering the long careers of many of the people involved
when this movie starts it is so dark you ca n't even see anything . the only way you can know what is going on it to read what amazon tells you . after that it is just stupid .
bad , bad , bad.bad acting , bad writing , bad directing.i was sort of neutral about dicaprio until i saw this steaming pile of bad acting . consequently , since seeing this , i have n't voluntarily watched another dicaprio performance.it was a huge mistake by the director ( or the screen writer ) to not set this in the era in which jim carroll grew up . or if it was meant to be , it failed astoundingly with glaring anachronisms
really not worth the effort to find it , even if george macdonald fraser was involved with the screenplay . the producers chose the `` least best '' of the flashman novels to adapt , they cast the wrong actor to play the role , and they reduced the whole story to a bawdy , not-very-funny , slapstick comedy . do n't bother searching for it . true flashman fans will be disappointed
do n't know about anyone else , but the dvd i purchased had lousy video . the only good shots were of closeups and sometimes it took the cameraman a few seconds to focus on a number of the shots . all of the long distance shots were grainy and not clear and the medium range shots were not good either . i know the concert was indoors , but i 've seen other indoor videos that did not have this problem . did i get a bad dvd or did anyone else have this problem
i first viewed this movie on cable , that same night , i purchased the movie from this seller . to date , i have had no responses to email , no communication what so ever , and still have not received this tape in the mail . very disappointed , and not recommended to purchase from this seller
i have watched this movie along with many other jet li films . to be very honest with you this movie is one that you can keep out of your collection . i was so caught up in the title that i really was expecting much more from the film . but i was very disappointed to say the least . the movie takes place in the early eighties . when gangs dressed in leather with chains , carrying spray paint and break danced occasionally . this was not the type of movie that i was expecting jet li to be in . if you want some real action packed jet li pick up the contract killer which will give you alot more for your money trust me you want be disappointed
with the straight story , lynch demonstrated none of the recognizable trademarks that transformed him into the director that i love . this film felt like a `` blind date '' gone bad . the straight story showed up , david lynch arrived , but the rest of the date felt muddled , confusing , and utterly disastrous . everything in this film seemed wrong . lynch 's choice for lead actor , the bland sissy spacek , the filler of repeat cornfield montages , all the way to the incoherent time spent on the read , i just felt that nobody had control over this picture , yet the randomness ( and the possible tear ending ) gave critics something to smile about . this is not a david lynch film , and for those walking into this with images of mulholland drive , twin peaks , or even eraserhead in their mind will be utterly discombobulated . the straight story attempted to show us a slice of americana via the cornfields of iowa , but for this boy based in the flatlands of illinois , it just seemed repetitive and boring.what initially pulled me away from this film was the technique that lynch used to introduce us to alvin and his daughter rose . alvin lying on the ground because he ca n't get up , the cliché use of taking him to the doctor letting us know that he is deteriorating , while bringing us the central conflict of his brother falling ill was just too much in such a little time frame . spacek 's depiction of rose seemed unbalanced and rather stale . she brought nothing fresh to this rather emotional character outside of a stutter and some unfunny scenes . i expected so much more from spacek with her timeline of cinema , but this felt like something she did on an afternoon instead of providing us with the intensity that she harbors . then , to add more fuel to the fire , there was richard farnsworth . again , he is n't a horrible actor , but it felt like lynch picked him because he fit the role physically , but alas , could n't master it mentally . farnsworth seemed out in left field for a majority of his time onscreen . i could n't tell if he was trying to remember his lines or if he was truly in character . his eyes seemed watery for everything which brought too much emotion to those little scenes , and seemed to bring not enough by the dramatic ending . his entire speech about his time overseas at war was pathetic , while some will quote it as being his speech of a lifetime , i saw it as babble ( and no , i am not that insensitive - i just felt it could have been handled by a stronger , more professional actor ) . the rest of the cast seemed equally as unimportant . i wanted lynch to either go 100 % for this film or none at all , but alas , it felt as if he just half-ed his way through this heap.speaking of david lynch , where did he go in this film ? there were some scenes that i witnessed that screamed the director that i love , but then there were others that just felt like he took pointers from ken burns ' `` looking at america '' class . i hated the sweeping cornfields that seem to plague this film . instead of keeping us by alvin 's side throughout his journey , lynch gave us a repetitive view of farming and corn . there is nothing wrong with this technique when making the epic that one desperately needs to see once in a while , but when the same images were used over and over again , i nearly felt lynch was humoring us with the dulls of iowa instead of being the majestic all the critics raved about . i think he could have been stronger with his filler than what he was with this film . he needed something to couple with the authenticity of alvin , but the stock-footage that he chose to show was definitely not the balance one could hope for . i also felt there was more to be discussed with the friends that he met along the way . alvin was a walking storybook , filled with the way that he led his own life instead of listening to those around him and learning from their experiences as well . lynch made alvin very closed minded , which did not create a strong protagonist for the feature . alvin was a strong character , but i needed more with this story . i wanted him to make choices , learn new things , and bring that to his brother 's table when they eventually met . i felt cheated when this never occurred and felt as if lynch was saying that this journey through americana was that we could learn from alvin , and not vice-versa.overall , i was n't stunned by this picture . i thought lynch could have been stronger with his choice of direction and cast instead of what seemed like he just `` played it safe '' . the overplayed stock footage of cornfields infuriated me due to the lack of time that we could have been spending with alvin . speaking of alvin , why could n't he have been a stronger , better-rounded character ? i felt after watching this film that lynch had duped me into believing that he wanted to paint a picture of america , but instead gave us nothing more than soft music , recycled images , and stock characters . the stories were interesting to listen to , but brought nothing fresh to the table . i must admit that the brotherly love moment brought a tear to my eye ( since i have a brother as well ) , but why could n't we focus on this further . lynch made the riff between the two brothers seem like a toss in the pan , when it was the central focus of this film . the straight story could have been a strong tale bringing in a new image for lynch , but instead it felt jagged and old . i could suggest one viewing for this film , any further , and you will see how dull those cornfields really claim to be ! grade : ** out of ****
this was a piece of junk . trust me dont buy it ! ! biggestt disapointment ever ! if a dumb company will make a dvd of this trash why cant they make one for howard the duck ?
i was so looking forward to rewarching this movie after having not seen it for severals year . a third of a way through it , it starting to skip and freeze . i played it all the way through but took forever . at the ending it was workinhg again. , but i missed a great deal of the movie because of the dmage . i guess you get what you pat for when you get it through someone and its used . wo n't be doing this again !
as cute and talented as i think hugh jackman is , this production was a waste of time , space and money . everyone involved in this feature should be ashamed of themselves . the acting is bad , the script is horrendous and the cg people apparently think their stuff do n't stink ... which it does-badly . it 's not the worse movie i 've seen , but it 's surprisingly close . please do n't waste your time with this film
once again , koch , for reasons that i can not possibly fathom , assumed that people would enjoy this movie more if the brilliant story and dialog were n't being constantly interrupted by those annoying sex scenes . i know i 'm feeling large amounts of gratitude . it 's gratitude when you want to disembowel someone , right ? at least the copy i bought was used , so koch did n't make a dime off of me . anyway , this is another koch release that you should definitely avoid
this is a bad movie not only because it does n't fit chronologically in terms of feel and content . it 's like this film attempts to create turtles psychaitry 101 . each turtle attempts to work on and/or completely vanquish their weaknesses . leo learns to be a better leader by being a better individual ninja , mikey learns to be caring and heroic in addition to his usual humorous banter , raphael learns to control his temper by doing peaceful things while befriending children , and i believe that donny falls in love . it 's been awhile since i 've seen this film so i may have that last thing wrong . more than ten years have passed since i saw this stinker and although i do n't remember every minute detail the problems that i had with it are enormous . first , the time travel plotline is a risky stretch for this series even though the conception of the turtles is vaguely sci-fi . the television series and films have n't really gleamed upon that aspect , instead relying on action , humor , and pseudo wisdom from splinter to pass off a complete and perfect product . in my opinion the separate storylines of the turtles is what ruines the movie and that is the result of the time travel plot . in particular , leo 's and raphael 's storylines simply drag the film down in an obvious way by placing them within contexts they should never be in . the pathos in these scenes is just too thick and is best in this series when it was dished out in moments . they just feel heavy handed . that 's not to say mikey 's plotline is n't just as bad , but he 's allowed to get away with some of it because the kids are pretty cute , but the scene with the house burning down is right out of a war movie and is not exhilarating at all.secondly , the action is just not there as it was before . sure , it 's still pretty bloodless , but the scenes are few and far between and boring . the turtles have been robbed of their seemingly invincible skills when they work together and the action has been in a more battlefield context so it loses a lot of it 's previous effects of catharsis . it felt like i was watching the history channel special about the history of the turtles war in japan and they lost . also , the explosion at the end inside the bell was straight out of a warner brothers cartoon and not in character with the turtles . having the bad guy killed off with the bomb would have been inappropriate too . i 'm just the kind of guy who likes ( in these kinds of movies ) the bad guys to get a death that you do n't have to see , or feel the impact of because you ca n't imagine when their end comes , like falling down a bottomless pit . to me , bombs are out of the question in terms of death.thirdly , the humor suffers as much as the action because they have little opportunity to do it and when they do it feels forced and is not funny . an example would be a moment when two of the turtles are following , or running from bad guys and they 're going up stairs , lots of stairs and mikey goes , `` this is good for my calfs , '' i was thinking , `` what , is my mom supposed to laugh at that ? '' as for the japanese men who take to american living all too well , none of it is very funny at all and reflecting on it now , it 's like saying that just being drunk is funny as opposed to actually doing something funny when drunk , painfully unfunny and pointless . equally as pointless was the use of casey jones . his character in the first movie almost steals the show at times , but in this movie he has nothing to do except watch over the japanese men . in a way this is also doing to him what the film is doing to the turtles , forcing him to work on things that would be better worked out as moments not plotlines . in this story the writers would have casey jones completely emasculated , possibly for laughs , possibly for moral . the former is definitely not the case , the latter is underdeveloped . it 's like he says early in film to the turtles asking where are more people to fight , that 's what we 're thinking for a majority of the film . in retrospect , the japanese men might be a parallel for the turtles showing an example of what the writers probably think the turtles would be like if they were completely worthless . so he has the turtles learning powerful life lessons away from splinter to show how meaningful and worthy they are to detractors of the series . i admit , it 's a good idea but way too heavy handed . the meaning is always better in small doses . finally , the song used in the film toward the end with the japanese men in the bar is such a good song and is very exciting . it was used to great effect in the tv spots for the film to make the audience believe going into the theatre that it was going to an exciting , funny , action-adventure and instead they gave us this stale role reversal film that tarnishes the turtles legacy and insured that there would never be another turtles film . oh well , at least found out the name of that song
if the girls in this film were considered `` hot '' back in 1979 then i 'm glad i was still in preschool.some unattractive women , not college age girls , but actual 30-year-old women who can not get into the popular pi sorority start their own sorority called h.o.t.s . which stands for help out the seals and sadly their pet seal was the best part of the movie.the goal of the h.o.t.s . girls is to steal all the guys away from pi house , so they throw `` wild '' parties , jump topless out of a airplane ( too bad the camera was on the ground ) , fly a hot air balloon over the pi house to launch pies on the pi girls as they sunbathe topless , etc . the script seems to have been written by a 12-year-old , which is n't a bad thing . i liked the fast-paced wackiness of it all and the frequent topless scenes were nice . unfortunately i did n't find any of the girls even remotely attractive.if this film was remade today with the same amount of nudity and with nikki ziering , brittany daniel , shannon elizabeth and jenna jameson as the four main h.o.t.s . girls and maybe catherine bell as the house mom it would gross over $ 800 million in dvd sales.i also agree with one of the previous reviewers who complained about the lack of rear shots . how rude
when you look at the cover , you think it 's about a fantastic trip into a black hole , and what they find inside , but it is n't . it 's about a nemo wannabe wanting to enter the black hole . i especially did not like the ending . overall i would rate it : story-3 starsactors-4 starsmusic-4 starsending-0 starsoverall- 2 stars i am not insulting disney , i think it came out just how `` they '' wanted it to . and , as with most disney movies , the only pg part is violence . i liked the actors and the robots , but other than that , it is a waste of money
i collect 1950s era sci-fi and i have been replacing my vhs versions with dvds . unfortunately , i need to keep my vhs version for this movie because the print that image entertainment made this from was in such poor shape . the vhs version by uav entertainment ( the wade williams collection ) is much better . hopefully , uav will come out with a dvd version soon
jackie is only in a brief clip in the beginning , stolen from the real drunken master . this clip is entirely unrelated to the movie , and is very short . buy this if you want , but not because you think it has jackie in it
i ordered this item several months ago and its yet to arrive
i agree almost completely with jwalker019 . this ugle 1983 production looks like it was from the 1950 's and gianni s. is downright embarrassing . the costuming there makes everyone look absurd . tabarro has little passion most of the time but the singing is good . angelica is okay but it is not a part for plowright and i definitely did not like dunja vejzovic as the princess . it is great to have this opera on dvd but otherwise it was a big disappointment . no goosebumps here . i just finished watching my old tape from 1981 of the met broadcast with scotto in all three of the 1 acters . what a delight -- some weak points here and there but it has passion in spades and that 's what these need . scotto was incredible in suor angelica . we should be so lucky to have these performances released on dvd but that is highly unlikely . i 've given this la scala dvd 2 stars but that is probably being generous
wow ! this movie is deeply entrenched on my list of worst movies of all time . i watched it last night and i woke up in a bad mood . everything about it sucked except for the nudity ( hence the single star ) . i understand it was supposed to be something of a `` comedy '' , but without a touch of reality , i found myself laughing at the movie instead of with it . the acting is awful , the soundtrack is hideous and the plot is a joke . michael caine 's goofy appearance was accentuated with some ginormous glasses ... there is n't a teen girl alive who would find that `` sexy '' . when i saw the 'blame it on rio ' reviews on this site , i felt the urge to hunt down every person who gave it more than 2 stars ( many gave it 5 ! ! ) , strangle them , then watch as they emptied the contents of their bowels all over the floor .
to start i am a very big fan of doris day for yeays . i had just bought the 6 dvd box set of her movies & loved that so i decided to buy this tv series . it is so awful words ca n't describe it . it 's not because it 's `` dated '' because i love lucy is alot older & sheer perfection . it 's initially nice to see doris in another genre but this first series just does n't work for me for many reasons . the subject matters chosen are thoughtful ( that 's the reason i gave it two stars & the presence of doris ) ..i 'll tell you the show just bored me & i found myself fast forworded through the last 10 episodes.the dvd extra interviews with two members of the cast are interesting . there 's no new interviews with doris ( that 's an old interview they put on there ) .i think the only thing new is that 8x10 shot with her dog
i enjoyed the first saw and kinda like the second but this has got to stop no more of the cruel heartless [ ... ] .first it was people who did n't appreciate life now it any old hasbeen or no name d talented actor .i am willing to watch another saw movie only if paris hilton , nicole richie and lindsay lohan are attach large boulder and drop in some in super deep quick sand
with the new year just more than six hours away , imust tell you that no matter a full moon , half moon , quarter moon , or no moon at all , please avoid theflick `` darkwolf '' for many moons to come . what a joke . what a silly , stupid , insult to one 's intelligence . the script could have been written by my dogstan ... and even then , i give him the benefit of thedoubt to come up with something much more canine . let 's put it this way . have you ever seen a film thatcontained people that irritated you so much , yousimply did n't give a ^ & ^ % * if they got blown away ? iwas hoping the entire cast got mulched by mr. wolfless that 30 minutes into this loser . go `` darkwolf '' . take a few chucks out of this cast , its director , producer , writer and editors as quickly aspossible ... and do n't wait until the next full moon . `` darkwolf '' is an insult to motion pictures . more so , it is an insult to such credible werewolf classics as '' the wolf man '' , `` wolfen '' and `` the howling '' , not tomention the tongue-in-cheek horror classic `` anamerican werewolf in london '' . need i say more ? `` darkwolf '' has no bite . it 's clawsand fangs have been chiselled to oblivion . the boxclaims this flick to be `` half man . half wolf . pureevil . '' in reality it is half/whole stupid . half/wholeworthless . ... and ... pure ^ % & * ! get my drift ? at midnight ... as we turn another pageand the new year unfolds ... i promise you you willenjoy reruns of every episode of `` mary hartman , maryhartman '' , much more than `` darkwolf '' . i 'm off to watch yet another new year 's flick beforedawn . i need to make amends to lon chaney , jr. beforemidnight . bottom line , it was a film you did n't really care '' where '' the `` wolf '' came from , or where the werewolfwas going . pitiful ... embarrassing ... '' i 've seen thebad moon rising '' but this one makes me wish it wouldset !
im sure ill here alot from this review but everyone giving this movie 5 stars i dont see how or why.have you people just been introduced to the movie world ? this movie is awful between the bad acting and the annoying music playing during talking scenes its flat out frustrating.rusty james brother in this movie acts like a mental case for you peole that havent seen this he dies in the end ( i just saved you an hour and a half of your life cause now you wont have to waste it on this crappy movie ) .between the bad music the bad acting and the plot/storyline going all over the place in this movie its seriously like being on a bad acid trip.what a waste of money and time on this one.ill donate mine to goodwill or the garbage can..not worthy of my movie collection
i was eager to see this movie , having loved the original `` american werewolf '' movie ; but was sadly disappointed . i did n't care at all for the characters , the humor was missing completely and generally it stank up the screen . mark me off if you do n't agree - i know you rude lot will anyway - but that 's my story and i 'm sticking to it
an even though it 's fiction , the incidents seem to fall out of the movies context to become contrived . boring nonsence on a teen hormone kick
this film sucked harder than a boatload of whores during shore leave . i originally saw it for free and afterwards , i still felt screwed . it stank so badly that i checked the soles of my sneakers on my way out of the theatre . yeah , i know . call me `` mister tact '' .a `` horror-comedy '' that 's neither slightly funny nor remotely scary , this film is a supposed sequel to the 1981 horror classic `` an american werewolf in london '' , ( which is possibly the best werewolf film ever made ) . the filmakers had a lot to live up to and , boy , they blew it in every department . the effects were ludicrous , the cast was lost , the script was bathroom tissue with identity issues , and the director should have been shot ( with something other than lots of narcotics ) . this film is a textbook example of the hollywood machine clanking its way through a total goatscrew.if you have already been suckered into buying this dvd , i feel your pain . you are undoubtedly now using it as a coaster for a heineken or as a tool to chisel old dingleberries out of your asscrack
i 've been a longtime fan of seagal 's movies , but i was greatly disappointed by this film . first , there were clearly sections where steven seagal 's voice was done by a different actor who sounds nothing like him . ( clearly done when the film was cut together after the main filming ) it was surprising that they could not take the time to get seagal to do the vocal tracks for those sections . there were also very few action sequences that demonstrated seagal 's skills with martial arts . in many ways , this film was more of a slasher flick than an action film . little action , but lots of bloody corpses lying about . i enjoyed black dawn far more , and feel it was a much better made film
remember seagal 's movie `` patriot '' where he saves the day with flower petals dropped from a plane . that was bad . this one was by far the worst movie he has ever made . with the dubbed in voice ( why ? ) to the disjointed plot it should never have been released
better than submerged , but that 's not saying much . my wife and i have seen almost all of stevies movies and , next to the foreigner and submerged , this movie ranks up there in the horrid category.what is up with the voice dubbed over when stevie was mumbling . we kept trying to guess whose voice that was ( burgess meredith , the guy who played the other terminator on t2 , etc . ) . that was the only thing that kept us from turning it off 30 minutes into the film.i ca n't see why blockbuster dedicated two rows for this tripe ; maybe there are more of us die-hard ss fans than i realized . even so , save your money -- -- do not buy/rent/steal/vie
what a mind-numbingly inept end chapter to a series that began with the greatest horror-comedy of all time , the re-animator . continuing in his deluded quest to claim the re-animator series for his own , and to convince us that he can direct , producer brian yuzna has managed the opposite . beyond re-animator merely confirms what was evident about the yuzna-directed bride of re-animator , that yuzna knows nothing about directing actors and story.as with dagon , yuzna seems to have secured financing from spanish sources for this film . unfortunately , the problem is that they also tried to force in a mostly spanish cast . this is a story set in massachusetts , for crying out loud -- why would the warden of the prison , the reporter coming to cover the story , the guards , and a good 90 per cent of the inmates all have spanish accents ? it would n't be as howlingly horrible if these guys could act , but they ca n't . simon andreu as warden brando and elsa pataky as love interest laura olney get the most screentime of anyone in the cast , but their acting is so bad , and their adr-afflicted lines so glaringly off , that they manage to sink the film every time they open their mouths . yuzna seems to pick his leading ladies based on their willingness to take off their clothes ( witness the gratuitous `` nurse nipple '' scene in this film , or fabiana udenio and kathleen kinmont in bride of re-animator ) , and pataky makes for one of the most unsympathetic love interests i can remember.but even pataky and andreu pale in incompetence next to that blustery , seething mass of bad acting that is leading man jason barry . based on yuzna 's shoddy history with actors , one might be tempted to blame it on the director , but the fact is that in this film , jason barry is incapable of pulling off a single believable moment , basic elementary acting . his every internal and external beat rings false , his dialogue delivery sounds like a cold reading , and even his basic body movements look like amateur theatre . most high-school students do better than this . jeffrey combs as herbert west , seasoned pro that he is , gamely plays along , but the script puts west 's character so far off to the sideline in favour of the vomit-inducing pataky-andreu axis that combs is unable to save this film.on a strictly technical level , the cinematography looks good , the score is all right ( though often too serious-minded for its own good ) , and the film does n't look low-budget . but when the `` story '' is such a mess and the actors so inept , no amount of slick lighting and camera moves can save a film . yuzna really should stick with producing , because on the stuart gordon-directed dagon , at least there were some good moments . but beyond re-animator is beyond salvaging , possibly the worst film sequel i 've ever seen , and way up there in the list of worst films i 've ever subjected myself to
first of all , who was the spastic genius who decided that concert films had to change camera angles every five seconds ? this is terribly anoying , especially when every third shot is of the same audience members . this may be fun for a home video , but not for a mass marketed commercial release.the dance hall crashers are an awesome band . much of the fun of seeing the dhc in concert is their highly kinetic stage presence . it would have been great if this dvd had concentrated on the band as a whole and not just different extreme closeups switched at a dizzying rate . and since the dhc are supposed to be the focus , why does the director insist on featuring so many shots of the audience ? it gets on your nerves . i love the dhc . their live cd has a permanent place on my playlist . but this horribly made dvd only made it through three songs . perhaps if i had been at the front of the stage that night , i would appreciate it more .
the only reason to rent this film is so that you can laugh at the stupidity of it . the writing was terrible , the plot so unrealistic , and the `` special effects '' horrible . this is by far the cheesiest and dumbest film ever made . why haley mills agreed to star in it is beyond me .
i felt a little ripped off , when i got volume 1 and 2 together as an offer from amazon.com . movie wise , volume 2 is actually exactly the same as volume 1 , with volume 2 having the option for japanese dialog and eng subtitle . amazon could have at least indicated that in the `` description ''
ahh , `` iron eagle '' . a classic of the 1980 's golan-globus production mill . with the current spate of historic/ '' current '' military movies , it 's sometimes good to see how hollywood 's come in trying to get the details right . one ca n't do much better than using this flick as a baseline . in case you are n't already familiar with this gem , louis gosset jr. playing a reserve air force colonel , and a teenage kid fly a mission inside an unnamed arab country -ok i 'll name it : libya- to rescue the kid 's dad . pop gets shot-down when he 's intercepted in international waters , but the us refuses to do anything more than diplomatic pressure . the kid and lou gosset meet up when the kid 's challenged to race the local bully with his plane while the bully 's using his dirt bike . suffice it to say he wins and impresses his babe ; he does n't get his slot at the usaf academy , though . you got ta take the bad with good i guess . when the words on dad get back to the family , this kid uses his base `` network '' to get access to imagery , enemy air defense data , and two f16s carrying a b52 's worth of ordinance . all of this being done by his friends exploiting the dim bulbs who are their parents , no less . ( if only strike planning was this easy . ) of course , the kid has flown training missions with his dad , and has a boatload of simulator time , so he 's a natural to fly the mission . he convinces gosset to go along with him , and his two-ship is on the way . the flying scenes are nothing spectacular , with obviously israeli f16s playing the good guys , and kfirs ( modified mirages ) acting as migs . cockpit scenes are completely the imagination of the set designer ; i 'm guessing he never was anywhere near a real aircraft . these are especially dated now as many computer flight sims are pretty darn accurate in cockpit , flight , and combat models . anyway , lots of explosions on the way in , lou gets hit and aborts and our hero must press on alone-go figure . he manages to talk with the evil dictator directly and get his dad on the runway for him to land ( ! ) and pick him up . more silliness ensues as he launches weapons on the ground , taxi 's out and takesoff . he kills the bad guy and heads home to find lou punched out and was rescued . rather than the prison sentence for espionage , and theft of government property that lou , the kid , his pals and the idiots they exploited on base should 've got , he gets his slot at the air force academy . the end.overall , i guess lou 's performance was fairly good , but everyone else performed at the grade-b level this flick is . note especially a very young shawnee smith as one of the kid 's buds . worth seeing for laughs , and as a film version of a kid 's pilot fantasy .
i 've seen several pretty funny comedies this year , but none of them could touch what i watched saturday night . this dvd had it all , slapstick , funny costumes , hilarious sight gags , geeky dancing and more . there were times i was laughing so hard that my stomach hurt . i just could n't stop laughing and in fact spent most of the show with tears rolling down my cheeks . it was so funny , that i felt at a couple of points i was going to lose control of my bowels . yes , it 's that funny . i highly recommend this one , as it 's the closest thing i 've seen to the classic monty python days of english humor . i do n't know when i saw a movie that was non-stop hilarity , without a single moment of serious content . over two hours of complete madcap behaviour and a near fatal dose of cheese . the name of the dvd ? castles & dreams , by an english comedy troupe called `` blackmore 's night '' . these guys are like a combination of monty python , benny hill and marty feldman . my sides are still aching ... .. those crazy f & ^king brits ... .
i bought this for the jeffrey dahmer and john wayne gacy documentaries , like i imagine you might . i 'm not disappointed really , i do n't regret buying it in any sense , it 's just that this dvd is n't very good at all . it does n't attempt to make any insight , which is n't something i particularly care for anyway . what each documentary offers is a limited and quite dated view of the serial killers . i ca n't imagine anyone learning something they did n't already know from them . it 's mostly told through pictures when it seems there 's option to use video . the dahmer documentary , made in 1993 , does n't feature anything of interest . there 's no interview with his father or anything , just a voice telling a story over pictures we 've all seen before , with occassional clips of victims ' families in court . the gacy one , made in '96 , is the same . there 's also a program , made in 1997 , on criminal profiling . this look at three farely well known killers whose capture supports profiling . it 's told often with video rather then photos , which is good , but still they 're somewhat boring subjects . the criminal profiler , dahmer , and gacy are all episodes from the a & e series investigative reports , if you did n't realise . the last program is on charles manson . it 's quite different from the others on the disc . made in 1997 , it originally aired on television as biography : charles manson : journey into evil . i do n't with have any interest in manson , but i guess it 's ok . it features significant interviews with manson and main female members of the family . all programs run for about one hour or more . i would n't reccomend any of them , none are good at all . i might even describe them as terrible , considering what else is out there
sorry i could n't come up with a better punchline , but this movie does n't deserve any original thought or ideas . maybe its because there are n't any original ideas in this movie event . national lampoon used to mean funny , now its french for crapola . avoid this one at all costs ! ! ! watch caddyshack ii , airplane ii , yes even xanadu three times each before you pick this booger one
18th century opera dressed in 20th century clothe not my cup of tea
i was intrigued by `` satan 's little helper '' due to several things namely its halloween theme , which i 'm a big sucker for , and the heralded return of jeff lieberman to the horror scene . lieberman made 4 minor cult horror films in the 70 's and 80 's , the last one being 1987 's `` remote control '' . you would think that lieberman , with all this time off from filmmaking would have spent his share of time carefully observing horror films in order to craft a good one when he would choose to return . well , it almost feels like lieberman is stuck in some kind of time warp , as this movie looks like it came straight from the 80 's due to how cheesy , trashy , cheap and godawful it is . many , myself included , look upon the 80 's slasher craze with fond nostalgia but this is one film that reminds us how truly bad some of those films could be.the `` plot '' revolves around a 10-year old boy who is a huge fan of the video game `` satan 's little helper '' . it 's now halloween season and his mom buys him a devil costume , which he wears proudly . one afternoon , he spots a tall man wearing an equally devilish costume dragging bodies around to serve as halloween decoration stiffs for the front of his house . he becomes enamored with the tall & mute masked man and asks him if he can be his helper . the two then go on a rampage throughout the small suburban community , as the masked man kills people randomly in gruesome fashion all the while the boy ( whose intelligence quotient appears to be much closer to a 5-year old than a 10-year old ) inexplicably thinks it 's all still a game of make believe.if you think the plot sounds bad that 's nothing compared to how poorly this movie is executed . nearly everything about it is god-awful from the camcorder film quality , to the laughable gore effects ( including the least-ever convincing intestines i 've ever seen ) and especially , the acting . the 10-year old boy , who appears in nearly every scene , makes a run for most annoying child actor in recent memory . the acting on just about everyone 's part is bad , and the characters all come across as being mentally retarded from the clueless boy to the mute villain who kills for no apparent or explained reason , the flaky sister and the eccentric , kooky mother . there is not a single character we can give a darn about and we do n't care the least bit when someone gets killed . granted , dumb characters who do dumb things in horror movies are a dime a dozen , but these ones truly take the cake . i 'm a little baffled as to why this movie has gotten its share of enthusiastic reviews . i 'm thinking some people are going to put this in the `` so good it 's bad '' category but i 'm not having it . some of the scenes in the movie that were meant to be `` funny '' , such as the parking lot scene where the villain and boy knock off a pregnant woman , an elderly lady , and a stroller carrying a kid , are downright appalling . the villain himself is a bad joke , as he does n't utter a single word throughout the film , instead delivering thumbs-up signs to the kid and wagging his finger . cheesy ? heck , this film is cheesier than a black diamond factory . `` satan 's little helper '' comes across as the work of a first-time wannabe horror amateur with no budget , not something from a guy in his fifties considered a cult filmmaker . to sum up how i feel about this film , i will repeat a line that i see all over amazon that i usually feel redundant but somehow i find to be entirely fitting for this movie . do not rent or buy this garbage ! !
hallmark entertainment has made many movies from children 's books , and this probably one of the worst . based on both `` alice in wonderland '' and `` through the looking glass '' this movie stars many of the familiar faces of hallmark movies and children 's movies , such as gene wilder , miranda richardson , martin short , and whoopi goldberg . the lead character of alice is unfortunately played by an actress that is not so good . the movie revolves around her , and she seems to move from one scene to the next with little emotion or expression . even the crying scenes seemed fake . where is dakota fanning when you need her ? the cinematography , costume and set design are spot on , as usual for hallmark movies , but the soundtrack was unnoticeable . the only bright spot was the engaging song by gene wilder 's character . all in all , quite boring
it 's always a shame to see a really talented actor/ actress star in a dud of a movie , but that 's exactly what happened to jodie foster with 1979 's `` foxes '' . directed by adrian lyne , who would later go on to direct the notorious `` fatal attraction '' , `` foxes '' is a cheap , lame-brained attempt at a gritty look into the dark side of teenage life . the movie suffers from a painful lack of character development and goes in a seemingly incoherent fashion from one scene to another , making it hard to stay focused . the movie is n't a total waste -- a few dramatic scenes do at least catch your attention ; and jodie foster , still under 18 when this was filmed , has a real charisma about her despite the fact that she is n't given much to work with . plus , that piano melody of donna summer 's `` on the radio '' which crops up throughout adds a nice melancholy feel . overall though , `` foxes '' really is pretty lousy and ca n't be given much of a recommendation
this movie works if one of the following four descriptions applies to you.1 . you think kevin zegers is hot , you want to see anything he 's in , and the swimming scene in transamerica was the best thing to happen to you since you first had a peanut butter sandwich.2 . you think nick carter is hot , and want to see if he can act . ( he ca n't . ) 3 . you like horror movies , no matter how bad they are , simply because it 's a horror movie.4 . for some reason unbeknownst to man you are interested in what judge reinhold is doing with his career.within the first five minutes of the film i had it pegged as a friday the 13th style movie . within the first five minutes , it was . then it expanded a bit , and we saw some interplay between father and son , and also some rather useless and pointless teenage romantic angst.in this rendition , the headless horseman actually had a head . it was a pumpkin . and it growled . there was also some serious fire that he was capable of - apparently - in the beginning . this fire was not with him when he needed it the most . and , of course , he used a sword to decapitate victimslucky , then , that kevin zegers ' character was on the fencing team ( odd for such a small town to have a fencing team , do n't you think ? ) , and when he was able to get his hand on a sword at the very end - well - you get the picture.judge reinhold was a riot in the 80s . in this movie he was a football coach who talked about how things were when he played ball . i ca n't imagine a universe in which reinhold played the kind of football he was talking to his players about . he would have died during his first game . he did , though , walk around the house with a football jersey on , and some silly pajama pants , so i guess that fit the role of a football coach . still.all-in-all , i was certain that this review would be a one star review . then it came out of the `` jason woods '' , and became marginally better.i was interested in the film for two reasons . first , i 'm still waiting to see if kevin zegers can act . i have a feeling that he 's going to break out of the horror mold he 's in and become a lesser jamie lee curtis . unfortunately , in transamerica they had him play a petulant teenager . they did n't give him room - i.e. , they did n't write anything for him - that would have allowed him to express any range . either that or he does n't have any . second , i do like horror films , even bad ones . which this was . just because i enjoy bad horror films does n't make it a good movie . which this wasn't.i was just about to post this review , then saw the three , four , and five star reviews . i 'm sorry - what were you guys smoking when you watched this ? are you kidding me ? as a bad horror film , this succeeds . but bad horror films do n't get three , four , or five star reviews . it 's insane .
i have now seen several gerry anderson projects , many hits and some misses , this one is close to dead last for me ( wait , it is dead last ) . a priest driving a model t is the hero in this one . he also has a shrinking ray ( shrinks to like 1/3 normal ) that he uses on his assistant who is a groundskeeper/secret agent . sound interesting ? well , i got the set cheap so why not buy it ? if your an anderson fan as i am , it was worth the price , just do n't expect to show it to your friends as it 's really tame and slow plodding with model t car chases and not a whole lot of action . here is my ranking of the shows i like from gerry anderson so take that into account of your own tastes . # 1 ufo ( a live adult sci-fi show with some great character development ) , # 2 joe 90 ( the concept is great and the non continuous storylines work good here ) , # 3 captain scarlet ( i love the concept and a lot of the shows fit in with the current war on terror to me ) , # 4 thunderbirds ( had a corgi toy as a kid , it was the best show for kids on tv at the time ) , # 5 stingray ( for the time , it was a great action kids show ) , # 6 fireball xl5 ( like a stingray except in space and black and white ) , # 7 the protectors ( eh , it 's ok ) , # 8 space 1999 ( this is where my recommended shows stop , this show was so highly anticipated and quickly got really stupid even i could n't stay with it in the 70 's ) , # 9 terrahawks ( just started watching it now it may move up above space 1999 and the protectors ) , # 10 secret service . i have n't watched his other stuff and i know there is stuff out there like supercar but that would probably rank above secret service for me .
i 'm not a fan of stephen king film adaptations . the only one i like is carrie bec it was directed by brian depalma and featured terrific performances by sissy spacek and piper laurie . cujo is boring and not all that suspenseful . i could n't wait for it to end . not worth purchasing . okay as a rental
bad bad bad worst villan worst plot worst actors worst song nothing was good about it ! ! !
well , i just got done watching this movie and actually went out of my way to write this review . truthfully , i did n't catch the last 20 or so minutes because i found myself doing other things around the house and could care less about what happend . the trailers and the dvd cover of this movie is very misleading . one would think that they are going to see something from a great genre of horror movies about zombies and a group of people doing whatever it takes to survive . i 'm a big fan of romero movies and loved 28 days later so i thought this movie would be a cool australian take-off . i could n't be more wrong . nothing in the movie makes sense from the start . the entire movie is over the top starting with the actors . everybody has entirely too much dialogue except for the main character who hardly says two words during the entire movie . she looks lost , confused , and out of her league . other characters include a local pilot and his pregnant girlfriend , a `` wacky '' police sgt with his asthmatic partner , the bait & tackle clerk who never screams during the entire movie , and our heroin character who won the local beauty contest.the movie takes place in a small town in austrialia somewhere . when meteors strike the earth ( and slam into people ) , it unleashes a germ which causes people to become zombies . our main characters all meet up and try to survive . however , aliens are involved so the story goes from a survival story to beams of light dressed in capes and floating around right in the middle of a big battle . the viewer is left to wonder what 's going on at first , but as the dialogue and story become unbearably bad , you find yourself not caring as the minutes tick by . i honestly could n't tell you much else because it 's just so terrible that i just simply could n't take a minute more . bad acting , bad dialogue , over the top effects , and some of the worst camera work i 've ever seen . this movie apparently took two years to make ... imagine if they only had one ? ? ? another portion of this movie that makes me ill is the bait & tackle charater . he shows up out of nowhere and saves the heroin 's life like a bad clint eastwood impression ( with big hat covering his eyes to boot ) . then , he walks away . when he appears again , he 's able to do these matrix style backflips ( digging his `` spurs '' into the wall/ceiling ) and making two pistols jump over his back and land directly into his hands . does this guy ever miss ? what do you think ? he manages to kill about 50 zombies with his two pistols while hanging from the wall upside down . not bad for a bait and tackle salesman living in the backwoods of australia ! if you dig the gore , this one is ok ... but again , wayyyy over the top . i had no idea that one bullet from a .45 could blow someone in half . our characters are so clueless that it actually takes them 3/4 of the movie to figure out how to shoot them in the head . i personally counted several scenes where a character is shooting a police revolver and somehow manages to get 13 shots out of a 6 shooter . someone get nasa on the phone and explain how you can do that because i just do n't get it . the absolutely worst part of this movie , without a doubt , is the music . it never stops ! there 's never a scene without music for some reason ! and it just makes what you 're watching seem absolutely cheesy ! it reminded me of a 1950 's serial/pirate swashbuckling kind of thing with guys swinging on ropes and jumping across a gorge kind of thing . the soundtrack is truly the worst i 've ever heard with extra cheese included . did they use up their budget on the effects ? probably ! i found myself wishing that i could mute the music during the film ! if you 're a fan of good monster / zombie movies , i beg you to pass this one by and keep on moving . it does n't make sense , the story is amazingly weak , the plot is ... well , there is n't one ... you 'll wish you could have your 2 hours back . i know i do ! ! !
one of the worst van damme movies of all time , this one and derailed and replicant and knock off , come of van damme baby , make good ones and have good directors too . this one has van damme after mickey rourke who rourke ends up killing him or he thinks he killed him , then van damme goes to an island of lost dead agents and villians ( corny ) . he escapes retardedly and then goes back to save his wife and his up and coming child ( who van damme and rodman almost indanger the poor kid , bastards ) . van damme gets help from puke and choke rodman and they have awesome adventures and eat lots of candy , no wait , thats what i was thinking and then , no . but there 's some , i said some , good action , but then it dies and sits there . the end with an oiled up shirtless rourke and the tiger lets the suspense and action down . strickly for fans of the movies van damme was crappy in . this is repuked up snot on a seseame seed bu
another tired story about the blackman as the horrible villian and the blackwoman as the innocent victim ... and we wonder why our community has so many problems..maybe it 's because of attitudes that are based on fantasy like this film and some other films ... '' color purple '' , `` for colored girls ... . '' etc . we need to stop the finger pointing a realize that liberation can only occur if we `` work together '' ... that means blackmen and blackwomen..
shekhar kapur 's vision of a.e.w . mason 's the four feathers is well done visually , but unfortunately much of the original story is lost to create a more fast-paced and action-packed plot . while the basic story is kept , many small details seem to have been needlessly changed . for those who do n't know , the four feathers is supposedly about harry feversham , a man enlisted in the army . when harry is informed he will be sent to war in the sudan , he hides this information and quietly resigns from the army to be with his fiancé , ethne . however , life with ethne is soon changed when he receives three white feathers from his army colleagues . explaining to ethne what he has done and that the feathers are a symbol of cowardice do not help harry ; in fact , she tears a feather out of her fan to make four feathers . harry then sets out to regain the lost respect of his friends through helping them , in an ultimate goal to regain the respect of ethne.for the most part , only minor details are changed from the novel to the movie ; for example , the way that harry 's friend , jack durrance goes blind , or the fact that harry disguised himself as a greek , not as an arab . the change that seems most prominent , however , is the fact that in the film , jack durrance knows of harry 's resignation from the beginning . this subverts the whole quest that jack undertakes to find out the truth in the novel . in addition , the entire ` battle ' between the warden of the house of stone of omdurman and harry and abou fatma was created solely for action value in the film . however , despite this addition of action , the movie still seems to drag at points.films are almost never completely accurate when following a novel ; that is why they are only based on them . however , as i 've said , a lot of the changes made seem senseless . i would recommend this film to someone who has not read the book or who does not mind liberal film interpretations of novels , if they have an hour or two to waste . those looking for a movie to keep them on the edge of their seats would be advised to find something else .
`` house of mirth '' is one of the most depressing movies i 've ever seen.to be clear : i 've seen movies like , oh , say , `` schindler 's list , '' or `` the heart is a lonely hunter '' that treat tragic events , either in the macrocosm or the microcosm , that did not leave me depressed . rather , they were powerful works of art that moved me and made me think . `` house of mirth '' deals with tragic themes , including human society 's ability to destroy its own , and the power of hypocrisy and hypocrites . it was n't , though , moving or thought provoking . i was n't moved by gillian anderson 's portrayal of a betrayed woman who lives by her own sense of honor . i did n't believe gillain anderson 's portrayal of a betrayed woman who lives by her own sense of honor.rather , i was bored . i kept wanting the film to go faster . it 's a great irony ; edith wharton 's novels are real page turners . quick , to the point . hollywood has yet to adapt one of her books in a way that honors this quality . `` house of mirth '' has gorgeous clothing and sets . i did n't care about anybody onscreen , though . i did n't believe anybody onscreen.i felt that this movie had a misanthropic agenda , and it moved its players around as if they were chess pieces , as if to prove these points : people are hypocrites , see ! people are insincere , see ! if a person has any decency at all , that person is destroyed , see ! i would tend to agree with all of the above points . so ... why do i need to watch this movie ? also , as a woman , who , as lily bart was meant to , has lived her life by her own code of honor and paid the price for that , i felt that this movie , no less than the polite society it depicts so brutally , betrayed lily bart.lily bart is just a step above a passive masochist in this film . she all but participates in her own destruction . you want , just once , for her to show some initiative , some intelligence , some ability to create her own fate.the film denies her those abilities . in this crippling of lily bart , the film seems to hate her as much as polite society does.movies like `` gone with the wind '' that depict spunky heroines occasionally winning , and occasionally gaining some power , imo , are much easier to watch . one might argue that such films are not realisitic . i do n't know . even we real-life lily barts have our resources , and our triumphs . and , again , watching lily bart in `` house of mirth '' slowly being eroded onscreen was not a feminist experience for me . it was more of an art house snuff film that utterly disempowered its female heroine .
very short game , took about 2 hours to finish it ( took a lot longer than that for the junk steam system to activate it , because as always their `` system is unavailable , please try again later '' - took around six hours and 10 attempts before it was playable , and definately it will be the last steaming product i buy ) . as to the game , you get 3 weapons and pretty much one set of scenary . gameplay was average for a shooter . it seems `` episodes '' basically translates to `` really short game , which just randomly ends leaving you wondering if you missed something '' .
running with scissors is a slice of life movie which spends time leering into the lives of eccentrics and then ends with no revelations or culminating event . unfortunately what comes before the movie fails to culminate is not very profound or insightful . it is marginally entertaining and somewhat troubling . the lead character in the movie is a 15-year old . his parents divorce , and his selfish mother sends him to live with her charlatan psychoanalyst and his similarly-acquired family . lead is on course to become a writer ( who eventually writes the non-fiction account upon which this movie is based ) , but we see little of his efforts to develop himself as a writer.all the performances were serviceable , save for gwyneth paltrow , who lazily regurgitates a role she played previously . annette benning is also essentially revisiting a role she played in a better movie . mrs. benning performed excellently and selflessly , but the similarity of the roles intruded on my view of the movie . it is a sure sign that hollywood is producing too many dysfunctional family flicks when all actors have been consigned to act in them and some actors are serving a second term . also growing tiresome is the treatment of gays in movies . the presence of one or more characters has become a requirement in films that explore a set of quirky characters . furthermore , the gays are stereotypically endowed with greater passion and depth of emotion , and are put-upon or stifled by the stodgy straights . the most promising characters are the psychoanalyst 's wife and adopted daughter.the movie has some colorful and funny scenes , but these are not enough to justify a viewing
they say all the major characters come back in ` stitch the movie , ' quickly made direct-to-video sequel to the hugely popular ` lilo and stitch . ' for me , the original film 's most appealing part is , and will be , lilo and stitch , one of the most delightful characters disney created in the last decade . do we still need pleakley when we have stitch ? how about cobra ? or some alien whose name you have forgotten ? do we need them ? no , i do n't think so.but ` stitch the movie ' crammed all these characters into this small film of which running time barely exceeds one hour , together with a weak story that repeats exactly what the original was doing . the original 's idea of ` ohana ' or ` family ' is changed to ` cousin ' this time , but for most of the viewers this is literally a twice-told story , no longer attractive enough.what makes us feel short-changed is , however , the lack of music and scenery , the impressive parts of ` lilo and stitch . ' instead of elvis songs , they have thrown in parodies or homage to other films and tvs like monty python and ed wood , completely missing the target audiences who would buy this dvd to experience the joyful sound and rhythm of this great singer . moreover , the charming , water-color hawaiian scenery is reduced to the generic , unimaginative backdrop which is barely ok even by the lower standard of the disney 's cheap sequels.the only saving grace is the presence of the actors who provided the voices to the characters . except that , and the funny but brief scenes about the lovely pair lilo and stitch , ` stitch the movie ' looks like a pilot film for the original . or perhaps it is .
after two decades since watching upstairs downstairs , i rashly decided to buy the whole set ! ! ! ! as i watched the first episodes i realized my memory had played a scurvy trick on me ! the melodrama was a bit vulgar and very predictable ! later episodes of the set improved , but not by much ! it was like watching a biplane that did n't quite make it over the trees at the end of the runway . i hope you wo n't make the same mistake i did
i should have left this review a long time ago . i could kick myself for buying it , thinking it was a film , not a religous object . if you critisize this film amongst religious radicals , you risk being burned at the stake , an act of love to purify your soul . this film , as a film , disregarding the topic , is a dog . a cheap `` b '' grade , blood spurting , flesh flying horror flick in aramaic with sub-titles . i could go on for an hour , but wo n't bother
this is not a good film . i wanted to like it because i love south park and i think that trey parker and matt stone are comedic geniuses . while it shows brief glimpses of some of their future brilliance , overall it 's just not very funny . i think i laughed twice during the whole film . watch it to see the south park guys `` before they were stars '' , but do n't expect much
i purchased this movie without reading the reviews , based only on my fondness for older movies and the other movies i 've seen the two main stars in . this movie was awful , and the sad part is , there were sooooo many opportunities to save the movie all throughout . the acting was obviously overdone on purpose , i just wish i knew why - it did n't come off as funny or as a satire if that was the intent . in the end - i threw out the dvd so as not to accidently subject someone else to it
some scenes are repeated from the first . it is not that bad thats all i can say . i think i over rated it with 2 stars too many
i seen this movie , do n't buy it ! ! ! it 's not worth anything . i have it on vhs , boring action . purchase the other three home alones , they 're the best than this movie ! !
